I left but I had to call you to
tell you that if you want I'll piss on the world
If you want, forget everything and if
you prefer every day we return to
start it again if you want in the other te
I build a mansion that the walls carry
your color with little light is liked by the one who
you
heart
you if you want if you want you want if
you want If you want If you want If
you want it was just a matter of time
walk by the river you left and I left
I went but I had to call you to tell you
What if you want me to love you all over the world?
If you want, forget everything if you prefer.
every day we return and
start it I show you if you want in the te
mount one
mansion the light and that your heart puts the
color Tell me if
You want to tell me if
you want Tell me if you want you if you want
Oh, tell me yes.
want
[Music]
[Applause]
what I thought that loving no longer
It used to be that kisses were given in
any corner
I thought that loving was just a
I play but I look at you and I'm dying for
having you next to me to invest my life nor
illusion art and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
way and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front of
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
You want me to stay, I'll stay
with you that I care about things and
When I smile I turn around I am
with you
with you invest my life nor
get excited and
I
I will win the game as long as it takes
[Music]
lost and I ask every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss I say goodbye
this way and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
I of the
[Music]
I will turn my life into
get excited and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost and I ask every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss I say goodbye
this way and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
me
I promise to bring you breakfast every
Tomorrow I will promise that my life begins
where you
you finish
I don't want false expectations or to live
within a lie, what is yours and mine is
true despite what
say I will remember that I walk through that
square that we could not shamefully
Neither
look the moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking to the 12
remained silent in The Great
city ​​City City City
City I want to shine the star in
the sky If I have more beautiful by my side
of the
firmament I don't know if I
you will understand the fact that I tell you there is that
feel the heart as it smiles for
[Music]
inside
tea
I will say that you pinch me every day
wake up, if I argue it's for
to know you better there are no fogs that can
darken this
[Music]
love no
I know that we will go through moments that are not
we imagine it will be so strong that
we will think about
leave us but this feeling of ours
will put the checkmate
wounds that fall on our soul
breathe me for
please because this life is for us
escape, what do I want to see?
shine so that I want to see it shine
star in the sky If I have by my side
the most beautiful
firmament I don't know if you will understand me and this
What am I telling you, you have to feel your heart?
how he smiles By
inside I want to see what I want
seeing you pissed on if I have you by my side
firmament I don't know if I
You will understand that I have made it to you
story you have to feel the heart like
smiles By
[Music]
d Well good night family How
You are, I don't know if you will understand me
Hey firmament, how he smiles inside very
You know Manuel's songs well.
Muñoz I'm glad we put them here
so that people know it and so that
people follow him and buy his songs
on iTunes on iTunes on Spotify too
You can hear Yes today is puny without
missing eh today at 12 12:30 something like that
I'm going to the little one without fail, yesterday he
We left Lucia stranded. Thank you very much for
renew gorgeous yesterday I left the
puny for
you and also something happened yesterday
I've thrown the little thing away for you
yesterday I threw the little guy away for you
and and no monetized the live yesterday I didn't do it
monetic but not because I don't want to
monetize it that you know that
it's not my style that's not my style no
monetize it but at first I put
These songs are about crocodiles and
My copyright has jumped and as the
live lasts more than 6 hours these are
things from YouTube Okay when the
live lasts more than 6 hours no you can't
cut any extract from the live Good
I don't know if it's when it lasts more than 6 hours or
I don't know how many hours it has to last for
that you can't cut it anymore but when
It's long, YouTube doesn't let you edit it.
seriously tough all night for free but
Well we had a great time
Well, let's see what they would give for free.
bison that there was some visum last night and and
the Super chat I think the Super chat
I think I'll keep the Super chats.
I think I think so but what are the
ads and all the visits there are
Had a 6 hour live today, man.
that was pasta eh that was pasta
because today I think the live today has it
I've seen a lot of people. Okay, let's see. I'll look.
wait a minute, 6 hours, dude, they flew by
in nothing because it was very good
accompanied
But hey, not everything is always about money.
I don't know from what time eh A
See today he had a visitor, eh? Almost there.
for 30,000 it goes almost for 3000 it has had
all-day visit
Oh, don't take away the dancing because now
This makes me angry, but it makes me angry, damn it
Because it's work, in the end it makes me angry
because it's work It's that I took off the
straight from the kid, I mean I did know that
It was getting too long because when
He went up to the hill and we started with the
topic I had been there for about an hour and a half
live when he climbed the lasne
and I say, Ugh, there's no one who can take others away from me.
two but daughter we started to split is that
I don't know what the hell we talked about in 6 hours
I also tell you, eh, I mean, I don't know.
I'm not going to look at it because I'm not going to.
I have time to see it again
direct but let's go I don't know what
Damn, I don't know what the [ __ ] we talked about in 6 hours.
that passed me by in a flash and today
continue eh What happens is that today yes that
I'm going to go to the little one around 2:30
I can't leave the kids abandoned
neither
Hey, I'm here asking Troy and the
the Indian purse Well, look precisely
I wanted to start today's live
with a tweet from you okay Let's go there What do you
This happens, the camera is there in
half so Wait a moment for it to fit
the
camera we are going to mix themes in the
live today okay I'm going to try a
a little bit of everything, the whole soap opera
I'm going to see this for a moment and copy it.
of
Olga, I'm going to try a little bit about it.
soap opera This
Okay, let's talk about it
soap opera that continues the soap opera
continue okay let's try a
little soap opera of course we are going to
keep trying, we'll see things.
from the soap opera we are going to have a
A look at an interview with Gustavo
Gonzalez very interesting that they have me
sent some extracts and we will see
some
extracts That is, you do not see your own
direct JJ when at what time of the
day you see me that I am not here for myself
be able to see myself
same let's see today we're going to see the episode
Today's soap opera, I have my doubts.
Regarding this soap opera and its new
events now I will tell you okay
Let's watch an interview with Gustavo
Gonzalez who talks about the operation of
lux and talks about various things
and and let's go
to give one is not an exclusive nor is it a
Scoop but it's a bombshell that no one
is commenting on Olga Moreno and
Well, you will probably stay with this one.
clip please Mimi Mimi Gero stay with
This clip we bet something that
when I commented on Olga's bomb
Moreno that I am going to comment tomorrow on
Suddenly many people have realized
about the bomb that I had to comment on that
They haven't commented anything, it's Thursday
Well today we are going to put that bomb on
the table well it's not Thursday
There's still a little while left, there's still a little while left
but it is a bomb from Olga Moreno that
It will be very bad for you, it will disappoint you.
to a lot of people but well at 10 at
11:30 I'll tell you how the diet is going and
the great sport great tarantula
Great, the truth is that it works as it is
that it goes as it has to go, it goes as it should
These days of the long weekend have to be good.
a little more such is life no longer like that
I think I'm not going to Thursday or Friday.
I have to look at the gym
calendar but well tomorrow we have
video by the
early tomorrow morning Indian
something Indian when you see Indian the bomb
that I'm going to give when you see the bomb that
I'm going to give Remember this clip of the
start of the live show. Well, as I said, I'm going.
to go alternating topics okay I'm going to go
interspersing topics I will not carry a
order if anyone wants at some point
Call enter eh I know any
thing to send audio
tell me
is that he had sent me a message
important I'm going to turn off my cell phone
apparently when Loli Huertas opened her
channel drastically reduced the amount
of donations to Peppa Beltrán
crocodile started to criticize Loli in
conversations with ar of Troy By
receive less money the screenshots have
arrived at Loli I have like a deyabu okay
that is, this is
eh one
part
wait a moment, excuse me
Hey
What TT is telling me is great.
Thank you very much sweetheart Thank you very much
For those 10 TT members, forgive me 10
members of TT and five from Elena who
you have caught watching
this for a moment
moment that the dala is telling me one
stuff
a moment that I had sent him a
audio wing one
moment
okay forgive me forgive me forgive me
Thank you very much, thank you very much to those of
the
members apparently this is one of the
yesterday's top headlines are worth it
Apparently when Loli Huertas opened her
channel drastically reduced the amount
of donations to Peppa Beltrán
crocodile started to criticize Loli in
ions with Art of Troy For receiving less
Pasta screenshots have arrived at Loli
I have a com
deyabu okay or so what did it just say
apparently find out Loli Huerta because she
just found out that
when she created her channel by
I see that I put this very
I take it with tweezers, man. Because the
The truth is that I have my doubts about that
that this really is so, eh, that when
Loli opened her channel and gave less
donations to Peppa I have my doubt that
that were so but well in the case that
that it was like that Peppa would have been
putting the green one behind is worth this
Sunday at the Freaky Tubers we will see a
nice compilation
of moments and clips in what
It is fully demonstrated that the
crocodile has completely controlled
Hey, Loli Huerta and all her
Donations So this is not the first time
that we have good and we have gone
saving in a folder by clicking on it
signing eh that he has counted all the
Super chats that gave I don't know what live in
a
notebook that Loli donates in another live stream and
She runs to Loli and tells her
screenshot as if saying Look, I've seen you
here donating or rather controlling the
Donations to Loli Huerta are worth it
Well, it seems that there is a moment
in which they lower a little bit, loosen a little
little donations towards Peppa and
then it makes it green from behind but
I tell him he's going to want to let's go
remember this extract we are going to remember
This excerpt from the debate I had with
she is worth it
alanne not with alanne it was not
Oh wait, Tesa, I'm telling you for
I'll tell you privately
you know that this is something that we were
Talking at dinner has nothing to do with
having to do with climbing has to do with me
With me wait. Well, I don't mind saying it.
Wait, the other day I was
talking with some friends having dinner
we were talking about what they told me
when I was before getting the implant
These people called me Lorena
He also said no, that the implant didn't
It was necessary for me that I had the hair
Well look here you can both see it.
Vocabulary pin bread the leathers you see them
two little skins, that is, that ages you and
makes more
ugly, that is, that was needed. But oh well.
let's hear the click let's
listen to the
click I hope you let him sleep
Anne I let her sleep I let her
sleep I have spoken to n that I have
I woke up at 6 o'clock
the afternoon, man, but it's just that we got here
Chatting yesterday around 7:00 in the morning
gave us yesterday here
Chatting says Alberto is more
entertaining gossip among YouTubers
that everything else good depends on Alberto
There are times when these are times of gossip
That's what we pay attention to in this clip.
to live a deyabu pay attention to this clip
Okay, it would be a tremendous Indian or Joe or
any of these that you do
These videos are so funny
collection of clips of things that I
I said in the debate with the climber
and things that have been fulfilled As for
example done but longer with things
from the debate and things that have been fulfilled
ok look listen to this click but it is
I say every day he will want to tell you
diary Well let's see the cli and then
I'm commenting on it little by little because it is
What is this? This is wonderful, look.
Listen to him but I'm telling you he's going to want to
and you have loved her for a year and
half eh I started talking to
her every day and I have looked for her
friendship for that reason and I have sought his
friendship for
that Pau Pau has given away another 10
members very pretty Thank you very much
Pau loves you very much, Pau Tres
conversations with me telling me that
You're going to look for Loli Loli, you don't have any.
conversations with me with many people
saying that you're coming down, Loli's friend. But
If I was already Loli's friend, you were
friend to a friend you say I'm going to
bring Loli closer to see if she opens her wallet
How do I ask you? No, no, don't ask.
that thing because they offend me you give me
permission for conversations permission for
take it out And how am I going to give you permission to
bring up any kind of conversations
no Sao yours no Sao yours
because that is illegal and not conversations
from other people because they are also
illegal one thing one
advice I'm going to be right month donate eur
none buttonhole
I hope so, please. Month
npo ahar with her the opposite
pregating and thinking
it
say that I abuse a sick woman
that you are a manipulator
manipulator I don't even know how many insults
You carry Pepa when you lose nothing but
I called you Shameless because of what
you just said and now tell Paul that
I also have Fernando who today I have
received the messages where
It's that she has never been my behind
friend she has been my friend on the channel
and we have spent many nights
Peppa nights many days many hours
As Javi says, many days and many
hours and something must have happened
better is that the sample the test has
been what the lady says for the
message not the test has been when
cut off by cutting the Tap friendship does not
I had cut it but the Tap Yes and there
It has been shown that by its forum
interior Well I was talking about that no
It is only because of your inner forum that
Antonio himself told me last night
I was left
hallucinated when I found out that she was among them
I had also commented on that between them
It's mind-blowing, it's mind-blowing that someone that I
be aware of what a friend tells you
movements and tell a friend with
who yes or with whom not and talk and [ __ ]
the phone and talk the nonsense that
It says in the messages that I have heard
from another person saying that I have
talked to Peppa and that's what Peppa is
and this and this and I tell Peppa
better alone because daughter acid cam does
time let's watch the clip little by little
Okay, but I put it on Twitter and
I'll put it back here, okay, I'll do it again.
say here a hug and thanks to
all
those of you who have been on my side all
these months be once again once again
I just had to sit and wait for
Let them skin themselves, okay? And what will they be left with?
everyone with their masks off. Okay.
Thanks to everyone who stayed with me
side and they didn't turn their backs on me, okay?
The only thing I've had to do is
I've left them sitting for a while
not to talk about people and not to sit and
wait for time to tell me the reason
again okay How is my Pablo Pablo
very handsome how was the holiday
eh And that's it and nothing Well look, it has
served to see the people who have
stayed by my side and has been
with me and that's it. Okay, that is, without further ado.
without more is worth
and the only thing I have to do is
sit and wait to swallow a lot of [ __ ]
because the truth is that I have swallowed a lot
[ __ ] and many things that have been given to me
a lot
but but there you have it okay There you have it
There you have it, just nailed down, eh?
just as nailed nailed each thing that
I was saying those months back in the summer
every thing Pin Pin Pin every thing man but
literally, eh, look how disgusting it is
This scene, hey, look, look what it says.
here doing this this look but you
I say I tell him daily or rather it is
recognizing the aunt directly okay And what
will do it in private
He is also recognizing the very cheeky
who starts saying every day that he tells him
daily by phone to Loli that
what the [ __ ] are you going to want with someone?
internet person who simply is
your wallet and your account and your ATM
automatic Carmen a kiss queen
Thank you so much for the 10 members
The truth is that we appreciate whoever
Become a member today because the live yesterday
The truth is that it is a shame that it is not
we monetize by putting a [ __ ] song
in the first few minutes
dude, I mean how are you going to put yourself? I mean you
You can love people, I love people.
not from the internet and I tell him that I love him
but damn, people of years, people who with the
that you have lived things not because I have
people here on the internet who with the
that I have lived through many things and you can
Take affection, of course, whether you have more Rose or
less Rose in person but you to a
person you've known for a month or two
months that only you can't
tell him I love you like you're telling him
Every day I tell her I love you, she is a woman
that you are seeing that it is easy to
convince and manipulate and and and we go it is
How lucky people have been, man.
Bad. People get lucky afterward, man.
Bad You're lucky, dude. I mean, you put yourself
you start working, you start working, you start creating
content to have talent to create
rack your brains to bring formats and
others and you don't have a person who
I'll let go of whatever I want to let go of you.
everything that is and comes out of her
well she takes the visual from others
channels look at this channel donate this is in
This channel is very lucky.
Search for them a lot on social networks
Look for his personal accounts
Instagram to be weird uncle and he has become
to tell him every day that
I want it clear, I have to work, I don't
I have no time nor intention to get down to it
contact privately with the people who
donate a lot to put in hours for
phone I have done hours working
pppa hours working to entertain
the people and to gain community and
That's why my credibility and my trust
Okay, you were talking yesterday about what you were
an empowered woman because at 70 years old
you used to pose in those photos
what did we see, the [ __ ] is going to be a woman
empowered a woman who takes those photos
An empowered woman is a woman who
It happens to you that you work and earn
things for herself are worth what woman
empowered You are that you take another
woman and you start spending time and time on it and
hour and hour on the phone That is not a
empowered woman That is a woman with the
face of the
Diamond empowered woman climbs totally
climb
Well, well, you wanted it.
For a year and a half, I have been
able to talk to her every day and
I have sought her friendship for that reason and I
I have sought her friendship for that reason and I have
sought his friendship for that reason but it is that
He has the nerve to tell you this in the whole
face in a
direct, that is to say, these people have the nerve
These people are like the
Typical Oh, what examples I could give. What
says my
Marilu Why hasn't it sounded because it
I have silenced Forgive me Marilu queen
I'll read it to you aloud
tall uncle are like the
typical
charlatans you know the typical ones
charlatans who eat your head in
the fair and they convince you that they are
reading the future in a crystal ball
or something like that, dude, I mean they have
They have a nerve for that and more.
for that and for more, I mean you know why
She knows it, she knows it. That is to say, to me, for
example if you grab me in the face and I
you say Hey It's true that you
Hey, you let Tesa pay for the food.
Betty Street the other day and I
I say, well yes, I wouldn't be able to
lie to you because I know it can be the same
that is true, okay, but these people
knowing that there are conversations about her
everywhere saying I'm going to take it out
I'm going to take this out, the other I'm going to
come closer to see if she gets generous is
able to take it all over your face and
lie to you knowing that there are people with the
that she has spoken about the pasta of the
Loli
for more than a year he has had the nerve
and the value because it is its condition of
lie to you in the
face has the snout and the value of
lying to your face is their condition
a
trailer is your condition you don't have
Converse with me, you have no conversions
with me telling me that you're going to look for Loli
LoL you don't have conversations with me
with many people saying Look how it is
she gets nervous well Loli I'm going to
search please appear get me out of here
Get me out of here, you're friends with Loli, but
If I am Loli's friend, I was already Loli's.
friend, look at what he tells you if I
Loli was already a friend, yes, of course, when she was little.
like when you fell in love with francua de
You were very little, very little.
in love with francua and you talked about it with
your friend Loli Huerta to see bizum of
who my
Bizum, what a nerve, man. Thank you very much.
Isabel, gorgeous. Thank you so much.
queen is you
wants
Isabel Thank you very much Isabel Of course already already
Isabel always sends me a visa
I already missed it when I was younger, let me know via WhatsApp.
WhatsApp thanks thanks It's that Isabel
Every time he sends me a visa or shows up
by the super chat or appears by the
WhatsApp and I'm stuck like this
because I say he must have been mistaken because
He hasn't sent me any WhatsApp kisses
gorgeous Thank you very much So that's it
We were friends with Loli but what the hell
You're going to be Loli's friend, yeah man.
Of course, and I've been gone all the all the
Summers I have gone to Chepona with
Loli to eat
crab that if I already yes I was already a friend
by Loli Javi what the hell are you going to be
Loli's friend that you saw in the chat
donating in the telesalseo chat
you wrote down in a notebook how much it gave and
You said: Here I have the business and
you went to look for her suwi instaram if I
She was Loli's friend, she tells you.
dude the truth always comes out Javi you know
wants face throwing a kiss face
throwing a kiss you just have to wait for it
Mimi a kiss that was a friend to a friend
He tells her I'm going to approach Loli to see
If you open your wallet, how do I ask you? No
Well no, don't ask those things because
They offend me, don't ask those things
because they offend me however when they
I say, do you give me permission to put it in?
screen you give me permission to take out the
conversations you give permission to take out
How am I going to give you permission to take out
any kind of conversations do not know
with yours no Sao yours of course
You can't get mine because I don't give it to you
permission but if you want to prove that
You didn't say this. So let me
take yours out of course because that is
illegal and no conversations of others
people because they are also illegal
thing look look at the face the face the face the
face Look at the anger Look at the anger that
has look look at the annoyance the annoyance
that has look look at the anger that
You have to look at how angry he is, eh?
look at the anger he has
Hey, one thing, a piece of advice, you'll see.
How am I going to be right month without Donal or
a euro none this I to Loli a
advice without knowing you You're welcome stick TR
months Isa Thank you very much, enough is enough Isa
Enough Isa says Isa to make up for a
little monetization yesterday but Isa you
you have already put yours a kiss queen a
kiss queen Thank you very much five pieces
From members a round of applause from the entire chat for
Isa Loli, without knowing you at all, hit me three times.
months without donating to see what happens
I hope I hope and the other the other the aje
I wish, I wish Javi, I would love for you not to
donating anything makes me angry every time
I hear False morality is worth a
youtuber or a fellow YouTuber or
Good Twitter from someone who is dedicated to
This means that he does not want visitors who do not
wants donations that he doesn't want but
let's see let's see it's true
that that false that false morality By
Why am I here? I've been here for 8 years.
years and I am one of the most watched channels of
I'm talking about gossip and from the heart and I don't know
The Rings fall and I'm not ashamed
none nor do I hold back anything to tell you that
Of course I want to be donated.
Of course I want to be donated, I want
I want them to inflate my
members bar I want you to
each of you send a visa
100 of course I want a visit
I want to have 3000 spectators here but
really why is this fake done
morality of No, I don't want, I do
I would like to raft Javier Oliveira we are
with tago cara throwing a kiss cara
blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss
I hope, I hope they don't donate to me. I hope I
I would like them not to donate to me but we are going to
see but if we are here or you
when you create a YouTube account and
you start uploading video what intention
You have to see it, not your mother.
see thousands of people The more
best when it is okay to say no
No, I don't want anyone to donate to me.
Please don't donate me when later the time
puts everything in its place, each King in
his train and every clown in his Circus
Thank you, sweetheart. Thank you so much.
how the [ __ ] how
Damn, how the [ __ ] are you going to [ __ ] and say
I hope it doesn't give you anything when I give it to you later.
you have in front of you when you are not Jai
oliveira looking eh And when they are not
the chili peppers and the thugs looking and
You have the capacity to say and invent
so that he gives you more than I give you
videos in
yellow
I put the video in yellow For
what luck 500
turkeys man please really I am
that I can't handle these things that are
tricksters uncle tricksters of the fair uncle
trilos
Well, excuse yourself, what happened is what happened.
What does your mother do if we don't get to you in three months?
donate nothing nothing you apologize in public
Javi Pilar a kiss Thank you very much
for those five pieces of member
gorgeous
count nerve that has the nerve that
gave when she starts insulting she starts
nervous, doesn't know, doesn't know, doesn't know how to do
This is a sick woman you are a
manipulative manipulator you are manipulative
I don't even know how many insults you've had, Peppa.
when you lose nothing more than I have told you
Shameless for what you just said
and now tell Pablo that I too
I have Fernando. Well, Pablo is there in
the chat chat Pablo you for telling him
Shameless, how do you see it, you see it as viable?
for telling me
Shameless Well no because I am a
Shameless man that I received today the
messages Don okay okay okay okay okay
There you have the previous click where
I say Loli advice without being your friend or
meet you From
Nothing, stick around for three months without donating, let's see.
What's going on, okay? Well, then,
What I've seen has made me pay attention, Loli, although not
he wanted to recognize it and he stuck
a few months donating less than without
donate by donating less and now we are going to
tell Loli what has been the
result moment that they have made me another
Thank you very much, beautiful, what a time
virtu virtu Thank you very much sweetheart
sisuka 50 pazo These are the people that I
I want in my chat, damn, you have the
most loyal community on YouTube, I don't know
gifts don't give me face by throwing a kiss
Sesuka, don't give me gifts, don't give me real gifts
I don't want money I don't want money from
I'm really here to truly love you.
Please don't donate to me. Oh, what a nuisance.
What a pain T 50 just caused me
real turkeys eh that nonsense I that
not them
Let's listen to the Queen's grace
kiss let's listen What is the
The result of the experiment is worth it
done Loli let's go my Raquel without a last name
Well Raquel, I know a paragraph that
you can a
paragraph I can give you my phone number
tells with a kiss Raquel without last name
I can give you the number of a priest
to baptize you and put you
surnames just did damage all over the
chest uncle no Regal my really I don't
I want, I don't want. I hope, I hope not.
I donate, I hope people don't donate to me
true my son with the pavil your mother
I don't know how your son came out asleep.
that you have come out asleep king that you have
the one who was dismounting me came out asleep
the one who was going to do a dismounting takes
15 days of YouTube vacation never
she has been my friend she has been my friend
in the canal and many nights we have spent
many nights many days as jav says
because Javi Oliveira always has the
reason is worth what you have to learn to
listen to it from the beginning Although
a lot of courage because I am a pimp and a
arrogant but pay attention to what you
Say that many people make you angry that
I'm always right because it gives them
courage as I say no but what do you
[ __ ] you [ __ ] you and pay attention to me
from the first moment, damn it, if you
I'm saying it's for a reason, okay? Well
look what he just said
look look at the channel and many nights
we have been through many
many days many hours as jav says
many days now he crosses out Pico y pala
what crosses out now peak and
shovel that I already considered a job
Rafaela no no no no what Ah just told me
chest pain with your 10 please
Rafaela don't hit me so hard in the end
they destroy
same vampire and Loli is so poor that
only people have money to buy
but no but let's see here is that
The worst thing is that it's not that
very pretty here the worst is not that here it is
worse It's not that Loli says, well look
I realized that Peppa is not my
friend because we have spent many hours
many hours on the phone, many nights
many hours of course to Pico y pala many
hours many hours and now I have
insulted Sure but the worst is not that
Loli the worst than me when I told you
you it
You denied the worst when I told you
Peppa is spending hours and hours on you and
hours to get the money out of you
you denied
and you denied it knowing that I was
saying the
true many hours
and something must have happened to him
better is that the sample the test has
been what the lady says for the
message not the test has been when I have
cut when I cut the Tap the
friendship no I had not cut it but
Tap Yes and there it has been shown that by
your inner forum Well I was talking about
That's not just because of your inner forum
It's that Antonio himself told me last night
I was amazed when I found out that she
I had also commented on that between them
It's mind-blowing It's mind-blowing that one that I
be aware of what a friend tells you
movements and tell a friend with
who yes or with whom not and talk and [ __ ]
the phone and talk the nonsense that
says the messages that I have heard from
another person saying is that I have
talked to Peppa and that's what Peppa is
and this and this and I tell Peppa
better alone because Hi, you've caught cam for a while
time then
nothing
reason once again and nothing happens
look at this type of tweet by
For example, it is worth looking at this type of
tweet that's good and good that's good No what
They have aged badly, eh?
See if I can see it, so you can see it.
whole Look
Pepi What a great weekend it has been
Loli Huertas has returned more alive
that never garlic and water to
[Laughs]
Pepi what are you defending that you are
defending a woman who has done so today
confirmed this is Loli Huerta this is Loli
Huerta has confirmed Jo is Hunter 20
members a very handsome kiss today has
confirmed that he did not donate what he had to
donate to the association against uncle cancer
that he didn't donate it that he donated it on Monday no
in June on Monday on Monday when the
grab the ice cream cart
donated and that's why he doesn't show the paper to which
Today he ran to the parish priest of his
town that he has run to today
parish priest of his town to which the parish priest
Call Loli, damn it. Well, from the association.
about cancer he said he had nothing to do
demonstrate why it did not come out of him
Papo of the association against the
cancer Well we are tomorrow Thursday and
has not yet shown the full role
because he says he has nothing to
demonstrate but the parish priest like that
Yes, you can prove that if you show it.
there he has run to the parish priest And for
what it is because that does prove it and it
that he did not donate on Monday not because he
donated the 240 turkeys on Monday, donated it on
Monday when the Troy air
He explained: Oh, how good those 240 bucks were.
damn if he hadn't told me n of Troy And
This is like this yes And this is like this eh the
life now let's see some more clips
Okay, let's watch the live stream for a bit.
Peppa, eh? What time is it? 8 left.
8 minutes left until the bomb
by Olga Moreno 8 minutes to the bomb
by Olga Moreno Well, in these 8
minutes what I'm going to do
It is because Jo Hunter has just donated for
Here we are going to see some videos
Twitter summaries let's see some
I'm going to give you Twitter summary videos
the bomb on Olga
Moreno and then we see the live broadcast of the
climbs and the live performance of Lolly Huertas
Today it is worth not only the whole thing but the best
parts the parts that interest us and
then we'll take a look at the
interview of
Gonzalo no Gonzalo no Gustavo Gustavo
González Gustavo González
when you think you've seen it all
Peppa Beltrán appears to give a
master class in cynicism and hypocrisy
with the amount of money that has
received from Loli Huerta for months and
the leaps of joy he has given
while defending Loli to do what
whatever he wanted with his
money because it goes today and with that face of
little shame loose that the money of
Loli was disgusting. Well, nothing, Peppa, now.
you know what you have to do to return it
or donate it. This time it shows the
little piece of paper and give Loli blood sausage
I also say that, eh. I don't say that.
that of buying wills Sometimes
It's expensive no matter how rich you are.
Let's see the click that Joe puts
eh some tell me don't name her if I
I barely mentioned Loli and she was
upset because I said that you don't make me
parties when Loli entered a month and a half
I told you that your money was
disgusting that your money was disgusting
that is not it
I wanted uncle Now I want by Irene León
Uncle Irene León is donating there today, super
200 bucks chat or rather I'll see her
there I think about the subject of the
Irene's donations in León that I don't know about
if we have caught any here
tweet I swear I caught something I wouldn't swear
that I had taken something from
Loli Loli León Irene León Well no but
Well, it doesn't matter, Irene León has given super
chat today super chat and super chat
out of 200 out of 100 out of 50 a lot me here
I have two
theories because it is that to me
It seems really strange that they exist.
on YouTube in the same communities two
people exactly like Loli
Huerta, or rather, how does he now have someone else?
LoL and Huerta who acts exactly the same
says the same things, gives the same
money when Javi says something for something it is
take note face throwing unique
gorgeous Well let's see if they all come out
that they have lied about me Little by little
bit
no ji oliveira had
reason Look for example Moni Muchas
thanks Yes yes I mean Look super chat but
full force
Ok but not you, I have put on a diaper
your fantasy a kiss anamari is that
I find it super strange that there are two
people exactly the same, that is, people
that donates a lot there eh We have
had people during these 8 years to
many people who have donated a lot eh jow
I was a Czech beserril, I remember
Czech becerril Czech becerril was from the
that he didn't even eat the sauce because he didn't like it
He was interested in gossip and he passed it on
I released 2000 and it was okay, we had it
also on YouTube a lot of people
that powerful donation is worth exactly one
of one of the Super chat that has
Irene León has been climbing
Of 240 you see it in mockery for the
cancer eh in teasing about the
cancer seems very strange to me
very very very strange very suspicious that
there is a person who acts exactly
just like Loli, that is, she acts like that
same way same modus of giving the Super
face chat in mass suddenly
it gives to the same people it gives to the same people
people The Super chat to all those who
be in favor of Peppa in some way
less to Ana Cotilla than Irene León for
What was seen is passed on Ana's channel
Gossip But what's going on with Ana?
Gossip who is fighting with
teleindiscreta and teleindiscreta is at
I start a fight with Peppa and Loli
So here I think several things
things or well This is what there is or whatever
there is always a broken one for a
disjointed
Ok Ainara, yes we arrive, we'll see.
all today not you
don't worry
that it seems very strange to me that
there are two people exactly the same or
it is that they are exactly the same as it is
I have seen Roman that there are two of them
people Exactly the same
They act the same way and speak the same thing.
and the ones that are very strange, man, I mean ...
you're saying well let's see wouldn't it be the
first person who is not very
smart okay or so Well you are me
saying that things have come out that
They are coming out of this lady and how
you are going to give him a prize of thousands of euros. That is
It doesn't seem to me to be the smartest thing
world, look, I'm leaving this life, eh or
I'm leaving this world completely. Or
be that you take it and you just found out
that this lady had asked for donations
in a live broadcast for an association of the
cancer against algira cancer and the
turkey comes out that in months it has been
forgot to donate it and is running on Monday
to donate it to try to give a sasca Y
As a reward, you start giving him super
chat Let's give it super
chat seems very strange to me then or
is the least intelligent person in the world
planet is such Irene
or it's Loli Huerta and they are doing the
two a theater to have
views But well I don't
I would miss neither of those things.
true or rather because I have been here for many years
On the internet and here we have seen everything
you miss me, I wouldn't be surprised what
Do you want me to tell you that there are people who are like that?
eh or is a person who hates a lot
Javi Oliveira and as a reward he gives me what
I know the same thought that the
Loli gives him money as a reward, but that's not it.
I mean they are telling me the things that
This lady does this and you go and let her go
It happens to me that
truth is I had a little more faith in the
humanity But well, the thing keeps coming out
weight in Spain is a joke is a joke is
Joke is a joke, eh. Just kidding.
apolitical this channel is apolitical and
believer didn't want your money Loli no
wanted your money it seems so strange that
someone was you
money didn't want people just talk about
money eh a they tell me no I didn't want your
money man I mean you have to have it you have to
have a jeteto eh man you have to have a gepeto
uncle to say that
uncle
You have to have a real nerve to say that, man.
I am not surprised that the flock of the
Peppa swallows it all if she changes
versions every 5 minutes cannot be done
lying, playing with health, having the
memory of a
raper they know me very well
weakness my weakness is that yesterday
when I finished the
I directly paid attention and had her at hand
17 and the minimum at almost 13 barbar 1 1 today
I'm with
Till is with the poor girl with a
pill that I have taken
[Music]
Gominola that is that my health to me
It is important to imagine a tension at 17
15 danced the numbers there a little bit, eh?
I don't know, it hasn't been cut, imagine 1715
Although I said 10 minutes at 17,133
well nothing happens nothing happens by
exaggerate a little
The thing that the poor girl can give me is
that they don't let her is that they don't let her
Collect donations quietly, we'll see.
Peppa's pearls we see the pearls of
Peppa from our race and I tell you about it
bombshell about Olga Moreno brutal disappointment
For all the followers of Olga Moreno
not for everyone because there is not even
done nothing wrong but what were they thinking about
she certain thing
Okay, let's see Peppa's pearls and you
I comment on the bomb about Olga Moreno
attentive
Okay, let's see the
pearls mony Money Yu money
money money money I like money
Thank you very much. It turns me on.
Someone puts me on WhatsApp and takes it.
arrogant pimp for your live broadcast yesterday
and he made me a Ah he made me a
PayPal, I mean, damn, what is this? Let's see.
Don't wait, I'll check if it has arrived.
just in case eh Let's see a little bit cool and
I am arrogant and shameless
also let's see, I'll see, I'll see if I
has arrived
I'll see if it has arrived right now.
please neither 1 lik nor 1000 likes there is tesa
I'm leaving, I'm leaving, the little brat Eva is leaving
Eva Marcela just asked me one.
PayPal donation no Eva you just told me
do a lot of damage, I hope you don't give me
more truthfully I hope you don't give me more
I really wish, look, I could
ask for donations if I wanted to I would have
I'm here 7,000 but not really
true Carmen a kiss let's see the
Peppa's pearls today at the pearls of
Peppa my lies to stay alive
issuing
that this little head has been pum pom pom p
I am no longer friends with
Peppa the life the life that gives you
surprises surprises life gives you Well
yesterday what happened was what many of you
Many of you came to me
warning for a while and yes Loli
Huerta has me
betrayed, that is, she is the one who goes
putting the other truth behind And it is
Loli, the one who is that is that is a
[Music]
scoundrel
uncle, that is, she is the one who is putting
true the other one from behind Javi I have
had high blood pressure for years and is 17
13 It is bad but it is far from giving it to him
something for having it like that on my entry to the
hospital in 2020 I had her at
2520 No, of course, but she is
referring to the fact that it is very low, not very
high
I don't understand what you mean by refend that they are very
not very low
high to see to see to see or rather it is that no
has no shame or scruples
she sweats everything, she sweats everything, let's see this woman
you guys think she's embarrassed
for what he has done with the association
against cancer or for what he has done
With Loli Javi leaves something for Freaky
tuber Don't worry, we have
Do you think this lady is
This lady is not ashamed
delighted that today she had 1000
spectators are not there
she is ashamed
happy, that is, she loves it. Oh, she is.
looking bad because he has been left with
It doesn't matter what he gives you. Exactly.
Same reasons, I don't give a damn, you know.
sweats
what I believe
vanity arrogance
wanting to be the center of attention, she and
exclusively
her and some other things go
saying Peppa you're crazy
He wanted to stop the live broadcast and I already told him
Okay Loli, come on, okay. Oh, okay.
you've been short for a while, beautiful, it's that
sometimes it makes me very angry I put Me
It seems incredible what you are doing
He doesn't want to hear anything about you again, but
before that I sent him the phone number of
personal but not to m a d have to not
I give it to you to annoy you
and no no siuka is hurting me
Thank you so much, beautiful, a round of applause from all the
chat for sisuka well no no don't give it to him
applause, give the dislike finger
spit at sesuka what am I telling him
that does not give me and gives me Father Pedro's
and this morning I spoke with the father
Pedro I explained to him what was happening and
He says, Give me her number, I'm going to
contact her and I'll tell her that
What's up? Of course, she doesn't say that she has
spoken with Father Pedro and Father
Pedro said, Hey, that money was not
For Peppa that money went to Caritas and
Now that we do it, how do we do it?
we eat How do we eat that and and
many things many things that I hope for
wait
you don't have to say I have you
I have lied to you, I have lied to you in
tell you that I liked your
direct Loli I love you Where is the
Peppa I'm talking to myself where is it
gone put me down Pepa If you can hear me and you
You can go, I'm leaving.
Of course, that last one has been
because the
climber says that he has lied to her for
these months
affirming it Loli I like your live shows
It's very good I laugh a lot okay And now
suddenly as he is fighting with her
Well now
now he admits that he doesn't, that he doesn't
like his live shows and that he doesn't have
Talent is worth it, of course, Loli H, I tell you
Something better I'll remind you
Because I don't know if the climber will tell you
It was also a lie every night when you
I said I loved you, that was it too
I'm lying, I told you that to get rid of you.
Vale and Loli's pasta, now the one that
has to spend money on two lawsuits
It's you because you said what she said
I wanted to say it through your mouth but you have
sent to you to say what is heated to
you to say it so that the demand
you take it so that the lawyers
you pay them and so that the sentence that
They give you the money, you pay, okay? But oh well.
nothing happens, it is what it is, what they have
not thinking when we act not many
Thanks Anika, but don't do this to me.
Aunt, you really leave me in a bind. Look.
Look how embarrassed I feel now with your
20 members hurts me the truth Well no
Actually Encarna Thank you very much for
Become a member, gorgeous. Thank you very much.
Maria Jesus for becoming a member in
In reality, we are 3000 people. I'm going to
drop the bomb
Okay, actually we are 3000 people yes
every person who is
Here he gives away five members who already
They have given away that they stay still, okay?
But those who remain to be between
everything is worth it to be a challenge between
everyone yes every person who is
Here you only give away five members, okay?
20 nor 10 five members if each person
who is here gives five
we are members
3000 would break YouTube tonight
We can do it without Loli Huerta and without
Irene
Leon we tried okay We tried it
we try how is how is my
People, how are you, gentlemen? I'm going to
drop a bomb on Olga Moreno and
Agustín etien that it can be the
disappointment of many
people no it's nothing it's nothing serious or
has not done anything wrong either
something is not something criminal or legal or
nothing or whatever but it's a thing
I understand it, I understand it, okay?
It's something that I understand. It doesn't happen.
nothing It's what people
lives
[Music]
But it's going to disappoint a lot of people who
This week he was telling me and he has
had the audacity to tell me that I
I was wrong
okay suddenly that Olga Moreno and
Agustín Etién
has given a
sasca and has given
a file on the matter of their relationship
with Agusín
still publishing a series of
photographs of the two of them together and
happy but
Of course I ask a question to myself
chat I ask a question to my chat and
I want you to be completely honest
ok please
Mimi
Indian Joe all you twitterers who usually
be at the forefront no no
not only of telesalseo but of the
news I want you to answer me on this
question with total
objectivity
That
Olga Moreno and Agustín publish this day
[Music]
etien the
photographs in which they are together
party tell me why
There What day Olga Moreno publishes and
Augustine
keep the photographs in which they are
of
party confirming his I would call it
Reconciliation but of course there are people who
says no it's that they haven't confirmed
never that they have broken that you have
invented you because I have gotten into your
Instagram account on both of them and
I took away the photos they had together
I blocked them mutually on
end
tiki tiki meow
meow tiki tiki
meow tiki tiki meow meow
walked a
kiss is easy to check you are not going to
Twitter and you more or less search for the tweets
I think I do
with the 3rd of
December 3rd
December and what do we have?
also almost in the same
date then one
something that no one is aware of
talking One question one
ask
Wait wait I'm going to start ex again
okay I'm missing one thing one thing for
put on screen Wait what am I missing
One thing to put on screen is worth it
excuse me for a second Excuse me for a second
second one thing that I answered ind one
stuff
wait a moment, I confirm one thing and you
I comment
I confirm one thing and you
comment Thanks tesa for another 20
members Thank you Ara thanks for there you
I'm seeing everyone Manuela Muchas
thank you
Ok Ok, well I have to tell you something.
bomb on Olga Moreno and Agustín Etién
Okay, it's something that I feel is going to
annoy a lot of people, maybe even others
people don't care okay Well actually
It should be a bit the same for us
In the end, everyone is content and they are famous.
and that's what they live on, what happens is that
I think this news is
news that we are going to comment on in this
extract I feel that it is going to hurt and
It's going to bother a lot of people who have
been as
attacking me things like eh what have we
we invented the breakup
controversy and as far as I know they were
They are the ones who stopped following each other
Instagram deleted a photo I have
the exclusive that they went through a
crisis a couple of months ago okay And now
suddenly in the last
days now suddenly in recent
days because it has come to pass that
magically they have risen again
photographs confirming how happy we are
that there are the United States that are and
others no
There is one thing that happens and that we do not
Many people on social media gave it a lot of attention.
Okay
but I think it was Friday or Saturday
I think it was on Friday that I was in
the center of Córdoba eating some
churritos in the kiosks they have set up
by the
Christmas that comes to me that a sister of
Olga Moreno publishes a
photograph in which Olga Moreno is and
Agustín with the rest of the family in
Seville
eating is a family photograph of
The most normal thing in the world has nothing to do with it
bad okay
eh And I imagine that the people who
It appears because they are the sisters. I don't know.
If any brother because I don't know I don't know
Olga's brothers, the sisters I think
I do put a face to all of them but to the
brothers no I don't know if he had a brother or
two but I don't put a face to it I imagine that
They will be the brothers-in-law, nephews, and others
those that appear in the photo but of course
There is something that catches my attention and it is
that one
person close to Olga Moreno or to the
Olga Moreno's family when she goes to
share that photograph
at minute 2s minutes the
eliminates as if something were passing through it
delete that or publish that
clear photography
eh Now suddenly we find ourselves with
that
already with all the magazines that have been
advanced by the bridge this week
not with all the magazines anymore
printed Sunday at
Sunday night Now yes with
total freedom and tranquility Olga
Moreno and Agustín also publish a
series of photographs in which they boast
of their happiness and their courtship is worth here
we would have a
example new photos that confirm the
reconciliation of Olga and Agustín
Okay, there are several ingredients here that I
They caught the attention, okay, first
place caught my attention that when I
I got the exclusive a couple of months ago
There were many people who claimed to be close
to the family no and it is not like close
You are not close, they are just using you.
to give you the versions about the
news that interests them and
others no And to give you the information
each as they want no but as they want
They denied my exclusive and called it bullish
I made up the news
not a couple of weeks ago when
suddenly they made this movement of
unfollow on Instagram
delete photos I don't know what I don't know
how much Even David himself also
He thought the same as me that everything had
looks like a montajo for them
called from somewhere very
probably for the reality show
beginning of the year big brother
Duo Well suddenly it was true my
news but now two months before
no now okay And now suddenly when
They have uploaded the photo together so now they
same media that said that now
the news was true because the
Olga's relatives were not
denying it because now it seems that
Olga has silenced everyone with these photos.
the world because they are very happy and
we have all invented news
Okay, so we YouTubers got into it
Agustín's Instagram account and
Olga and I did all these movements
pathetic Okay when you do those
movements I said it yesterday I say it again
say today when you do those
movements because you want people
speak
Okay, I don't understand why no one is here.
talking about this but Olga Moreno
and Augustine
they have also
have given
had this same
Olga Moreno and Agustín week
and this very week they have been
of a
exclusive two
pages of
photographs that I can't put in
screen obviously but if you want
I'll describe them to you, okay, they are photographs that
When I saw them I said, "I don't know if."
They remind me more of the photograph of
Marta and Antonio David with the bags in
the hand or if they remind me more of the
photographs by Marta and Antonio David
as if they were Cinderella and the
prince coming down the stairs in
that romantic meal in broad daylight
day a kiss not in that pose that is
I assumed it was unexpected. No, because they are
photographs in which Olga suddenly
meets Agustín on Se Street
they hug and smile
Come on, come on, come on, photographs of
agencies also eh photographs that do not
nobody signs no And you say and who the [ __ ]
And who the hell follows Olga today?
and Agustín has on the street or the
waits on any Random corner of
any city in our
country but of course these photographs and this
exclusive report that does not sign
Nobody bets you don't know what magazine
It belongs to you who do not know which magazine
I'll tell you which magazine it belongs to.
belongs to the
magazine
week magazine week itself
magazine give its exclusives but not to me
where they have that I can't give away
members but here is my grain of sand
sand kisses solange a kiss gorgeous
but please don't hurt me anymore
kiss gorgeous Thank you so much no no
no no no no no readings no readings no
week the magazine where Olga gives the
exclusives the magazine where Antonio
David and Marta Riesco made that stolen shot
posed the magazine where Antonio David
Marta Riesco came out with the bags of the
Mercadona Maria Thank you very much for
those five members a kiss
gorgeous
coincidence coincidence okay we read a
little this this this exclusive is not this
magazine by Olga Moreno and Agustín Etien
end to the rumors of a breakup
couple of course and you stay like that and you
you end up with a stupid face
and says
Clear
clear
Of course. Well, here it is. Here it is.
objective and goal
fulfilled a month ago the rumor jumped that
a possible breakup between Olga Moreno and
Agustín etien in sight of
These of these images It is evident that
It remained in that rumor the couple lived
a loving encounter at the station
bird from Madrid that I don't know what I don't know how much
It's cut off and I can't read it.
whole ok But let's go that I don't
I'm stupid Olga lives between
Malaga where his daughter Lola is and Madrid
where Agustín usually resides and attends
their professional commitments
Unfortunately Olga had to close the
clothing store that I had in Malaga but
She is excitedly facing other projects, eh?
We are fully prepared for another clip of
Consuelo commenting on it, okay, wait, let's go.
Fat mountain, very fat mountain, u Now
These come out, my goodness, my goodness, Olga
Moreno and Agustín put an end to the rumors
of breaking up this thing that you think is a
agreed robbery an agreed robbery because
Come on, don't tell me
m that this is p well no gentlemen No it is not
none
caught I don't know if he will be here
Indian or not but I'm going to pass these on to you
photos of the Indian because this is a stolen
agreed and it is a game with people is a
play with the audience and it is a play with
your followers And I'm very sorry but it's
so a year of relationship
they carry due to their respective jobs
and his daughter Olga lives between
Madrid and Malaga What work does someone give me?
can explain what
the same ones who said that Olga
He was going to go live in Madrid and look
Where is it in
Malaga, you can give your opinion on this.
you want it, okay I think it's a montage
Okay, I think it's obvious that they have
made on purpose
Ok, I think not, I'm not risking it.
Just in case, okay, King, thanks, but I don't
I play it just in case, it doesn't matter
we have described okay But let's go for me
This is a montage, eh? Not only is it
that it is a montage but that this is a
I mount so that people are worth it
eh so that the so that people talk
so that they jump in the media
rumors okay And then I leave then I
I thought it was a reality show but not for what
come out this so that it makes sense
news in the sem magazine
I say it I say it you say it I say it or
you say it
You say it, I say it, or you say it
There's nothing wrong with it, so let's see.
They live off that, okay, but man, no, I don't
I denied it, don't deny me what there is, don't deny me
you deny them
Don't deny me things, man.
when you kiss Marta
I also send a kiss to Marta Riesco
that too but let's see It's that this is
so but this is how it is when you
You live from this and you do these things
Well, you play with these movements.
We're going to do this to get them talking.
that there are rumors so that I don't know what not
I know how much they cooked up the news as well
I told you a few weeks ago
I hope you liked this excerpt.
and you liked the news, okay.
Tomorrow morning there will be other people
commenting that I am very bad and I have
invented Let's see, let's go
let's see let's take a look
to what Loli has been saying we are going to
take a look at what's been
Loli saying about climbing on her
Today's live stream from Lori Niard of Troy
He's not your friend either. Well, it's cool.
No, here's something I'm going to tell you.
I am no longer friends with
Peppa chronology almost three months ago
that you made the video in the car with the
Rumors of an October breakup leak out
the photo in no case soon in November
Instagram photos from the summer are of little importance
In December, the week and objective come out
fulfilled it is over
crisis but
Look, people and people have told me this and
people you can't even imagine
Hey people who are not here writing in
the chat every day people and people and
Gu people sure but if the problem
It is the people who are missing
respect is not from one community to another, it is
people without
Well yes yes yes and it is certainly true
people are but the messages that have been sent to me
sent to me are rough are that
what we are all protesting about
every day those messages I wish that
come out I am very interested in knowing the
content of those messages You are
wanting to know what the content of
those messages uncle But and that also
I knew, eh Peppa, I knew it, I was telling her.
If I knew, I wouldn't come.
kiss, I was telling you Peppa
What is happening Peppa what is happening
passing
This was not another person, it was another person from the
chat was
It was another milk that had called
He was laughing and had entered the Channel
It was me, no one came in, I didn't see anyone else
there was no
another I'm not understanding I don't know if
I understand well, okay, but I think
that what he is trying to tell is that
She went to Peppa to reproach her for those
messages and Peppa denied that she was
referring to her I don't know if I am
understanding well what you are going to I think that's it
I told her that I will enter when
I feel like it as I usually do And
As this lady says,
communicates to another person
that Peppa told him that I
No, I don't do what my husband doesn't do.
can dominate because Peppa I don't know what
You have heard that my husband told me
I would like my mouth to close
I have not contacted the priest and
we decided that we don't need a
intermediary like Peppa to make
Charity Anton Entire, you deserve mercy
Rivera is right, the cop left for
The policeman came out to thank him
Thanks, I was there a week ago
trying to get in touch with him
parish priest and the parish priest has given signs of
life
Today and we have
spoken
and he has been very kind very
nice and has
understood that you do not want to do that yes
I want to do something directly
two people who are what I am
[Music]
I wanted to explain something to you here
powerful thing to have to have a third
next door here I have to explain something to you
powerful I don't know how you will live
life but if I now want my channel
do something I don't need that day
So let someone else be the one to put himself in charge
contact where I'm going to put it for
to mediate and that person then tells me
say something and then tell it to me and
to to
I don't know how I live in
Mallorca and there is the Tramuntana
but I don't know, maybe I'll see it differently
form why do I need one
secondary person to do something if not
I have never needed it in my life, ever.
I have never never needed a
secondary person and we have already had
concept we have already talked about We have already
stayed and you already
I'll find out what's going on here.
next No, I still have them left
eh I still have many doubts
okay or the paragraph I want to know me
I would be very interested to know if the paragraph
has finally confirmed that it is true
they gave 1000 points on the first occasion
in February as in March
1000 were given in each one, eh in both
There were 1000 occasions and everything
correct and such No but of course it suits me
one thing that catches your attention is that it's fast
Peppa has come out to justify this and
from the association against cancer says
that no, he is not going to justify it because he is not
It comes out of Papo and it's Thursday
and that we are not going to justify it
talking that they have been talking for two weeks now
It's been two weeks since Peppa doesn't want to
prove or justify that in June
made donations against cancer two
weeks now suddenly this comes out and in
the next morning he solves it. He speaks
with the parish priest puts him in contact with
Loli but about the cancer No, no, no, no
He is not going to justify that because he does not
comes out of Papo and why he can do it
when he feels like it Why Why the
The priest calls Loli running and
This Cancer is not going to let us see him come back.
It doesn't matter because we have called us and
They have told us what they have told us
said and we have it recorded okay Me and a
a lot of people okay I'm not going to Ivan
but here is a
detail that you have not appreciated
and the detail is the
next why suddenly Lolly
distrust the very simple climb
Hey Loli says this is starting to
be generated when last week she
He begins to call the parish priest and the
Caritas parish not Caritas
parish of Algira because what does it want?
plan a donation for Christmas or
from all countries Oh from all
countries me of all the cities that
Spain has Isabel a kiss from all the
cities that Spain has to Loli
It happens that you want to make a donation to
this Christmas in
Algira and she who is now
saying that Pepa had to
get in touch and what have you thought about today
with the parish priest they don't need
intermediary
Okay, why is Lolly the week?
last time she calls the
parish priest instead of contacting him through
of
Peppa is very simple and I am going to do it for you.
explain why no one is saying it
because Loli last week when she burns
Troy only that of The donation against the
cancer and on Monday it is confirmed that the
climbed in the morning gave the 240 and
He tried to convince us all of
that had been given in June Loli knows the
true because he talks to Peppa and knows that
Peppa and Adás says it in the live broadcast
today he knows that Peppa had not done that
donation against cancer with that money
that I had asked for
that he knows that he gave it on Monday and then
Lolly last week starts to
distrust Beltrán climber because he is the
Beltrán climbs and begins to distrust
the climb and the thoughts come to mind
donations that she has passed through her hand
from the climb to donate it to causes
charities
If you do not distrust the climber ...
suddenly of all the cities there are in
In Spain, do you feel like donating to the Gesir?
Damn, you call climbing. Hey Peppa, tell the
parish priest, I'm going to give you more and you call
Peppa and Peppa get in touch
with the
parish priest and you donate again but not to
Lolly Huerta what happens to her is that
distrusted the climb last week
when he sees the association against the
cancer and the run room starts to enter him
the bug starts to enter him
money that she has passed through her hand
from Peppa so that it
done and she is the one who starts calling
the parish without saying anything to the climber
without saying anything to Peppa. Of course.
because you take and say Hey Peppa that
I am calling the parish that I am going to
to donate but no further conversation is being held with the
climb in fact yesterday afternoon was
the live broadcast of the climb is followed
talking to the climber but he is
hiding is hiding from you that he is
trying to contact his parish priest
his
neighborhood Why is it being hidden from him
because he's doing it from behind
because he distrusts her because she is
beginning to realize that Javi Oliveira
I was right because it is just starting
find out through various means of
that the climb is making him green for
behind when you don't give him money that
climber is pointing all the
donations you are giving in other
channels of
YouTube and why it's catching on
that the climb was on Monday to give the
money against cancer when it
should have given in
June And then she starts giving it to him
turn your head, the head is what it is
worse And he says go find out about everything
donations that I have given to this what
money will have arrived and what
No
That's what happens this week.
past that's what happens next week
past has passed the people this
eh I skipped
One I say without understanding, let's see Guille
safe
has never asked me
nothing
but if he has been commenting behind
If I have done I have not done why have I not
I haven't actually entered your channel in the
last in the last one that I entered ard
of
Troy does not agree with you nor does it want to.
agree with me, I'm right
sued, that is, giving me the reason is
directly tell the player that I don't give it to him
It's going to give But anyway, I'm going to give it
have When he went to see
the person who is writing to me
WhatsApp I don't know I don't know what he wants I don't I
no I'm not you're not going to I'm not going to read or
even if it were for the best, even if it were
For the worse, I'm not going to read you right now.
Okay, it gives me
I don't care what Twitter is going to do
tell her I'm not going to see her today for health reasons
Mentally I'm not going to see her no matter what
do now that I have felt disappointed
and
betrayed as a friend yes Guille
sure eh And it is that you would have to you would have to
Listen to the same thing as me because I for
many things that many many have said
many things, Javi, this other bum
boom
boom but not me to have
what a smell spicy chili spicy chili
Thank you very much, Monce, beautiful queen.
to
all There is one who tried since I
Virginia Javi says it came out, how noticeable it is
that since Marina left,
quality of your Salado content has
Virginia man has come down a lot because
supposedly he came down without Marina you have
I've seen Marina, one of the best
professionals in journalism and in the
heart that Spain has
anything that Marina abandons
loses quality I would lie to you and tell you the
contrary but here we are working and
Here you are watching this live stream of
Peppa's channel and since I didn't try it,
He went to Pepa's Channel to tell her that Loli
It harmed her. Well, look at this one at the end.
He was right, he tried with me first.
that I should stay away from the Peppa channel for
my good and to
In the end, I told Peppa that I would
It was going to be harmful and in the end it had
reason and in the end he was right Oh
little by little
come
pily
bcar let's see what pily by says
what happened is that eh
And luckily or by chance
misfortune can be demonstrated by
what are in my comments although the
I have
I have deleted many that were offensive.
erased
and Peppa told me yesterday that there were many
comments and people in the chat
I don't know what, ma'am. It's that I
I have been left without moderators because when
I came there was a fight between you and him
Mr. Antonio, where did you get me into?
medium and where the moderators themselves
Some have remained in a channel, others in
another and they cannot be
to join apart the tran itself with its mouth
when I put Yoli 2021 and Pelusa the
own and says you have put two moderators
from Antonio's channel no no Peppa no te
make mistakes, the people on your channel are not
first it's not yours
and so everything in moderators that are in
my channel on my
channel not in the Antonio Channel nor in the
Channel of
Peppa because that would have already been the war
We could have opened and looked and gone
here to lynch O so let's see if I am
understanding the climb went to claim to him
the Loli who had the ard moderators
Troy but the climb did not say when I
I went in there to complain that he was
bringing people from telesalseo and that
people who had it were from the gossip industry, the climber
He didn't tell me that people didn't belong to anyone
that people were very free to go to the
Channel that I would like because he didn't tell me that or
I am
dreaming Pepa
Yes, I sent you yesterday, I told you then.
I don't want to go back to you anymore
I don't talk to her about Punto Pelota anymore.
I want to talk again
and look how Well today I see the chat more
relaxed than ever so I give you many
many
thank you
Pepa, I didn't understand this much.
It wasn't the direct one defending either but
with the mask as I have done as I have
always done as I have for a long time
making the pum pum pum mask with it
boom
defending and she hoped that with
Tania, I came and attacked Tania.
attacked Because she did that live What
made clear the climb to get rid of the
demands and that the demands are eaten
another one warms you who are a
person who does not mind insulting that
He doesn't care about defaming that he doesn't care about
slander and also claims
openly that you don't care
demands and having to pay when you
condemn, or rather literally, Loli, I
I have a lot of Clip here that I will give it to you.
They will ask in the court where she says
that he doesn't care if he is condemned and that if
He has to pay, he will pay then of course
the shield has been sought, the shield has been sought
perfect the climb, that is, it works for him
Bad people get things right
well, that is, an aunt who gives a lot
of pasta is worth it, he gives you all the pasta that
He wants more and on top of that he has her as a shield
so that she can say the stupid things that she doesn't
can she say so that they don't sue her?
Let's go, if they sue her, her
Loli would have paid him
Once you have the money, you ask for it and that's it.
But of course here it is confirmed again that
Susan is allied so that she is the one
that he messes with her
another such
which is the truth that from that
The worst thing I felt was direct
I'm not always going to deceive you with the images.
I haven't told her about it, I have
I told him I told him look what there was
images and look at the videos
Well, but when I
I came and put it on and saw those images
Well, those were just the images that didn't make me happy.
liked it was clarified with Tania
we speak perfectly
normal not like yesterday with another
People, Ugh, not like yesterday with other people
know the tone that the climb had with
she on the phone to know the tone that
had with her not like yesterday with another
people Yesterday morning I spoke with
Peppa and it wasn't the same yesterday with
Peppa was an I'm right and you chat
and your comments and you have Yola and
fluff of such
channel
Spanish but they don't have to and I
that I thought that in the youth there were
strong sauces of what was happening to me
losing with many good nights
thanks for that and as I told you It is
that on my channel you will see who will give me
she wins, she blocks, she does that, that
that will block now because they have me
said of the greatest the greatest the
biggest on his channel and not even a
delete
message and if that's what they said, no no
don't come up here and
we discuss mean then
here mon
jukebox with you or against me This is me
It seems either with you or against me and Loli is not
has it very
clear
yurico with you or against me that with me or
against me that is what I
I've been here for two weeks now Day after Day
day
suffering for two days
he took
already in their live shows giving tips like
you always start she starts to give the
little tips and then they stay there and no
has never done anything So Peppa
I told Loli with me or against me but
If that's what they accused me of, that's it.
That's what they accused me of
my Javi
DM well that's what he tells me
that I was very bad because I got angry
With the people I'm going to look for a clip of you
a hint that the climb has made
today I think it's going for Antonio David
said that Antonio David has been able to record
conversations that Loli and she had
Antonio putting a person down and
that it was known
people who if the person were known and
What person do you think is a white Indian?
and in
bottle
Ah, it's your turn to win the membership today.
Loli Huertas, look here they have caught the
capture has touched the membership
Loli Hueras here today with the people
giving away
Hey family, what was said is worth more than 3000
people are live today 5
members each I don't know how many we have
five members each to see if
we are able to recover the 3000
members again okay who do you believe
that Antonio David has put in the spotlight
with with on the phone with Loli I'll go to you
to look for a clip of an innuendo that
He has made the climb today that I think he is going
by Antonio David has said that Antonio
Ah, so ard of Troy has recorded
conversations that she had or rather
Loli and
Antonio putting a person down Ah
So Loli probably So that
The climber has hinted that Loli was putting
green Antonio David let's see Antonio David
it is no longer spoken
With Loli Antonia VII we no longer speak
with Loli from a long time ago for me
Antonia saw I don't know if she will say something in
some time but for me Antonio avid
He has been very wrong on this issue and I
I think that some of the people who
warmed his head against me with this
people I mean the climber used Loli
so that Antonio VII would throw me or
be I have seen vari I have seen in
I saw Antonio throw me several times
with things
that I throw myself with things that I don't throw myself with
things that were mantras that this one said
people today said today said the climb that is
prepare Antonio David with this woman
Of course Antonio David is going to come out
chopped in between but I'm sorry I'm
I expected it I knew it too tesa
How many times have I told you in these
months Antonia saw clearly I have stayed
I was simply quiet. Look, there she is.
several occasions in which Antonia vi
He threw me away because of these people
Of course we are going because of him but
warmed up by these people and he has
followed the roll to these people Of course
because it was more interesting to follow the story
I imagine these people because I don't
I understand without asking me okay the day of
the day of the title, the day that
Antonio David and Loli continue donating in
The Antonio Abi Channel has not happened.
one thing
We'd have to see that in another Freaky
but one thing happened was that Antonio
David or Loli Huerta had a fight with
FJ And then they started talking about that
Loli paid FJ a salary so that
will teach YouTube how to be YouTube Antonio
David, a move like that, no. And then
They had a fuss and apparently there was
fuss okay And then Antonio David there
I understand that he had a fight with Loli Huerta
because from there on from that
fuss that Loli started to tell that she
paid FJ on behalf of Antonio David no
I know a move So that didn't come out
clarify it, no one is worth it, I would have done it
clarified eh but from there Antonio
David went from
do a live show every month and a half to a
direct all the
days that makes me think about it
I'd better be wrong, but it's not that anymore.
but I have seen many times Look
the night that Antonio called me
attention for a title that is like or
It doesn't cross my mind to me
I don't know that it's a very serious thing
defamation to I don't know what it is to me I don't know
It crosses your mind to go to another YouTuber
I'll correct the title, that is, with 8
In the years that I've been here, no one is going to come.
to tell me to correct the title I myself
I was so cut off that I was stupid and
I changed it, I shouldn't have changed it
but it doesn't occur to me
head go to Lucia's 24-hour heart
or to those on the flight, not even that I
I don't get along with them or nobody takes me
right or wrong to correct a title
Man, if you tell me something that is worthwhile
Well, we'll see, no, or something serious. Well,
The best thing is to ask for a touch but because
I spoke with Antonio David about the
sentence that he had won, that is, a
direct that was for your benefit worth or
so for me it was content but it was
a live show in which I was going to do it
defend him, rejoicing because there was
won the TV factory and I
I got it in the afternoon and sent him some WhatsApp messages.
I'm very glad, I'm glad, I don't know what He
He told me, well, thanks Jai, I don't know what, I don't know
how much not whatever is good is worth perfect
I think I don't know if he sent me the
sentence I don't know the truth I'm not going to
say that because I don't know, I don't remember
but of course I put we spoke with Antonio
eager because there was
spoken left you blocked for a second no
He didn't leave me. He left me super caught. Cid
I say well nothing is worth it then I will change it
I shouldn't have changed it but
Well I changed it, I was an idiot, I'm not anymore
It's better to pass, but it's like who goes
there is no one to complain to him or tell him how
has to do his job
titles or when we have been here for 30 or
be 30 years he has been here I have been here
eight and we know how this thing works
titles that you play so that they are
understand or worse titles they put
others you know but he came to claim me
clear title and it came to me with a
screenshot that screenshot is it
had sent these people that
screenshot no, it wasn't from your phone that one
screenshot had been sent to this one
people you know to tell him look look Javi
by putting your title tell him something you know or
something like that and Antonio David who
I'll be sitting here waiting for the
sorry for the years it takes to see
if they ever arrive
no Antonio David with Loli in a
directly in May I don't remember if it was
May or June Antonio David
eh took let Loli at the end of a
directly put the flight green
I would say abuser, I would say some
how many insults
you know and then Antonio Abi added Yes
because many channels I don't know what they say
Of course, Loli said something to him.
So Antonio Abi I don't remember the
exact words But he said man is
that now it turns out that everyone
is giving to Loli and is giving to Loli
but when Loli donated in the others
channels played Las Palmas and said
Ole ole you ole Loli but now when has
stopped giving, they are giving him
cane and I will love that one day
Antonio David explains
Who has given Loli Huerta a hard time?
When it has stopped
donate to see if one day since he is
dared to sign that in a live and
no one went to correct you
Okay, well, I would love it if one day
Antonio wanted to explain who has
messed with Loli Huerta because there is
stopped donating because I have done that
heard one climb and it is
lie then I would love for a
Antony Avi day then said Hey then look
I've seen this youtuber before
received donations from LOL Huerta and now
He messes with her every day because
has left him
Donate That lie that Antonio David told
following the mantra of these people, well,
see if one day he either apologizes or
the
explain I don't think he meant you
Javi jurico
eh I think he didn't even know who he was
referred to followed the mantra of these people
that they told him what he had to say
It was because at that moment I had to
Listen to Loli, okay? But oh well, it is
one thing he has stated on his channel
not the same way I have apologized to him
when I got together with the other one by mistake
Okay, eh. And I said it and I acknowledged it.
on a lot of occasions to see if he is
and explains what he said in a
direct this summer or apologize for
That I will accept the apologies is fine
Man, it strikes me that I
Correct me on a silly title that
I put we spoke with Antonio avid when yes
that I spoke with him is worth it while
This lady has not been able to, I don't know
how many months of correcting him that there was
been with him and Marta in Granada
having dinner No because I am a
Corrector who corrects all the
contents because hey, correct that too
what is being said about you that you
You went to dinner with this couple to
Granada is fine, but well, we won't see it, right?
our eyes will not hear it
Apologies on your part for that eh And that
It was strong because it was following the
These people's mantra is backwards, lol, to you
They've hit you all over for it, huh? It's that
In fact, I don't even call you Dalas.
titles like that and has all the confidence
to do it Dallas if he wanted okay
to call me to tell me: Well, look, Javi
This title bothers me but but like this
we talk and it's like a title that doesn't
has nothing to do with playing with the double
sense a title that has nothing to do with
bad you know that nobody nobody gets into the
no one interferes with other people's work
For example, I can get upset if
Suddenly FJ puts a title of something that
be a lie Javi oliveira just
go to prison Okay, then you can tell him FJ
Uncle This is not like that I don't know what it's worth But
because we talked to Jav Oliveira
a person who has spoken to me By
In the afternoon I'm not going to get angry, to be honest.
via the Peppa Channel to defend that
They were messing with her that they were
putting it in because when it goes up
To me what Javi
try to do is convince me to to to to
What happens is that Javi lies to the
time to say if he asked me or what
if I have given it or that all of that is a lie
then but when Javi goes up the two
times that I'm up there Javi goes
for Peppa Javi is not going for LoL and
orchards of course and that must be recognized
Although I don't like it, it's that I like Loli
Werta I haven't told him absolutely anything
I have never ever been able to be critical of
her for the atrocities she says but
I haven't told him Neverland and
That's what's going to happen the day we
let's see the faces in the game that she
has to justify the 400 insults
that he has done to the three of us and he is not going to
power and what is he going to say to you
I have told the donor to a person who
She is a donor, what she is going to explain
Well, I'd love to see that trial and what
we'll see
Okay
recognize him because look at that guy to me
has hurt me perhaps others
They will say with those topics why but to me
Javi has hurt me a lot.
oliveira and I don't like to admit it but
the two times he has climbed in those
moments
No, he hasn't attacked me.
was going to attack
to Peppa and she's always been there
I have always gone hand in hand with him
I have always always gone hand in hand but
they arrived
four that I don't know that they have washed their
head because this Peppa is not the one I
know
eh I'll tell you
We'll let you know
We warn you These are comments from the chat
Peppa Beltrán today messing with
Loli Mira
look look look messing with
Loli Look look look Okay let's have a laugh
a look at what the climber has said and
We see what happened with Gustavo González. What happened?
that what much
of the hearts you are putting
Well yesterday what happened was what many of you
Many of you came to me
warning for a while and yes Loli
Huerta has betrayed me, uncle, what Papo?
uncle, he doesn't care, he doesn't care
Uncle, he doesn't care, uncle tells you by the
face, that is, they have caught her
conversations where he puts her down
because he doesn't donate and comes out and tells you that
It is the other who has betrayed her
she stays so calm and you tell her
he says without any blushing
Hey
reasons that I believe are vanity
prepotency
wanting to be the center of attention, she and
exclusively
her and some other things that I will go
saying
and the hearts
But besides that, eh
I didn't come late to the live show, I didn't put the
banner of 5
minutes because he was there for an hour
phone you know what I wanted
phone that I
would fight with 90% of the people
that you are here today as warriors and
warriors because of warriors and
Pepa warriors there are 100 or
50 people at most
It is not normal that the channel has not even risen
nor has it gone down I mean no Well, it's normal
would it have come down after the
things that are being caught but it is that
has not risen, that is, it is having more
viewers who never and do not rise
people subscribe because they are just
coming in to see the atrocities that
says you are putting well yesterday happened
that what many of you no longer know
gave the
Chache and I told him that I didn't think so
get angry at anyone for having one
opinion on what was
passing as I spoke about the subject of Javi the
demands she called me
Ok Marel Teng, I have to mention why not
I'm going to mention it. Of course I have to.
mention Yes yesterday
she and Troy burns that burns
Troy very well very well Troy burns very well
good very good How many you from the chili pepper
you are looking to open yourself to him if it is
more or less the same
It's more or less the same as you are
getting it you are getting it
Alne says the Peppa chat is a fantasy
It turns out that everyone today knew that Loli
It was bad but yesterday when is it that is
true I mean yesterday Loli was in the
Peppa Channel by call and the same
people who were putting it green today or
they were applauding her yesterday yesterday
They were applauding the climb to the
climbs to the
Loli yesterday they were applauding her and
now today is bad and all of it
They knew it depends on the guy, they are the people they are
people who have no criteria at all
They are driven by hate and if today they have to
say the opposite of what yesterday did
They say and that's it
this
and my exact words were
Loli, your money disgusts me so much that I'm
I will not give Loli's money to you.
send nothing because he already had you sent for
that it started to disgust you already had you
that
to send took advantage
that we have to see this one day
collect for the Freaky we have to
see one day make a compilation of the
He was disgusted with money because he had
there were a few of
c but that's for the Freaky eh lo
we have to recover for the
Freaky
there were a few of them
C To the Loli huerca of all channels
world championships here I present to you Loli Huerta
Look, look at the one who gives her the money
LoL the donor the
donor okay let's see I'm not going to
answer today I know I'm not going to answer it I'm going to answer it
leave it until you can digest it very well
well and I'm going to spread it with a little bit
of oil eh of pure olive oil
Of course, the disgust, the disgust that he felt
There are a few clicks on that money
That's what it's going to be for the geeks because
There were a few clicks that
[Music]
They say upload upload It turns me on It turns me on
He puts nothing that he doesn't care about, he doesn't have anything
shame that there were a few of
click where I have that compiled but
We have to put it for Freaky Tuber
the son, the son, always told Loli
Lolle, don't give any more, don't give any more, that's enough.
Don't give me more, don't give me more of the same as
I'm more or less fine, don't give me any more Loli
Don't give me more and now when the son is
turned around or when the son left or
whatever the climber was saying to
Loli Loli Loli look how the angel is leaving
that is going to take advantage has been put to
ask him and get money from him even
publicly on a lot of occasions
Like the 500 thing, for example.
telling him that the videos were turning him on
In Yellow, that is to say, no one was disgusted
his money and Angel was doing the
dismantled to give it 50
Angel memberships has fought with her
Many times because a kiss Anica others
five members of Anica the money of
Loli How shameless and he tells you so
Serious guy is a person who does not have
no shame whatsoever Eh or so he says ha
fought with him many times because he didn't
He wanted Loli's money, uncle was a
the mess they both had made
Angel was putting no no no no Loli no me
Don't give me more or I'll get angry, eh? And
when the Angel turned around
climber said now Loli look that now no
There is the Angel And that is recorded and it
We have, I don't care, I don't have
No shame. Yes, I was amazed.
Librado looks she talks a lot about
freedom today I am freer today than
Never today I am more free than
never and I am as free as you and as
the other and how
all the difference is that you
You are full of I don't know what toxic things are.
and bad
cl zero scruples Eh my weakness my
weakness It is that yesterday when I finished the
I directly paid attention and had her at hand
Well that's all. It's all very complicated and
very simple envy
envy she wants to come with the girl
doing little things she wants to be the
center of attention always And if now the
Pepa ent attention on other channels no no
No
but
girl, why do you want them to speak badly?
of you You think this is nice
Let them speak ill of you if I prefer
laugh with people and have 500 600 here
people I really I am that again
again the same thing we have discussed
before if you prefer to have 500 people
start talking about Rocío Bueno 500 No yes
You start talking about Rocío Carrasco
Kiko Hernández Antonio David I don't know what
you have 200 or
100% true to me false humility
This is about I don't want to be donated. I wish
Don't donate to me, I don't want to have
spectators I prefer to have 500
people, this is killing me, man
Let's see then what we have
created a YouTube channel so that
we are trying, so to me it is that
These things are true. I am the ones who are
The truth is that I don't understand or
nor why no one is so false as to say
this
uncle and and laugh and do silly things and clo
healthy content is what she wants
Many of you were telling me
He's going to give it to you, he's going to give it to you and I'm good
Well, when you give it to me I'll cry No no
I have
cried no
cry
I really mean the one who opens the one who
open a YouTube channel so as not to
have no spectators
I know the other is a scoundrel yes he is
Troy has gotten what it wanted.
very
Well, it looks more like Lilla now and you go
way eh Loli you go way you go
way because if you have told me many
things too You were right that you
you laughed at an illness or something like that
They just can't recognize Loli's situation
Now he has just admitted what happened to Pilar
not one less quarter of the night ends
the fat one just came out
true, the fat one just came out or is it a thing
mine
just come and see, wait, what have I got?
caught me caught me offside Hey me
has been caught offside
wait more alend dilla and you're on your way
Hey Loli, you're on your way, you're on your way
because if Tania was right Tania has
said many
things too You were right that you
were you laughing at an illness or not at that?
Ah
Ah look at his face, he recognizes it, that is, he has
had to fight for
admit it, he's screwing her, yes he is.
throwing uncle zero shame zero
shame she doesn't care or she is
happy because she has 1000 viewers
zero
zero shame zero shame but
absolutely zero
shame on what you had
absolutely zero shame reason ever
I have asked you for nothing
It's never more, let's go to me, it didn't make me
It is necessary that he already recognized it
Hey
I didn't need that
recognized eh, that is, we have the
cli And that is so and we know what and
We know what we have talked about with her
from behind And what Pilar has told him
from behind. I mean, that didn't do it to me.
missing Hey my son Angel has fought
with you live and in private
so you wouldn't even send us this [ __ ]
what a zero guy
shame zero shame dude that was it
as a joke they had to pull off
more money, uncle, zero shame, zero
shame zero shame
absolutely zero shame that no
we wanted your money zero zero your base
dear money How do you
I told you that, I told you that a few times ago
week and give him money
uncle and they give him prize money
to Javi But look Karime Javi and I
We have mentioned Karime so everywhere
dude, things happen but these people
They have done well to the chili pepper, eh? Ah
but they have done well or they leave
It seems more like me that I don't get it
the chili pepper somehow did it
but Karime
and I lie to you just like that
passed passed passed passed nothing has happened to me
I still need to buy the t-shirt and the bag
of the chili pepper but in passing
eh in passing
gentlemen passing by every 5
minutes of passing
eh I'm not talking today either I'm not talking
nothing of him in passing
I will talk about a terrible thing, I will talk about a terrible thing
Whatever I want, that's right, Karime.
I'll talk as much as I want, Lola.
Chachi you can defend your cause but
Leave Javi alone, let's see what
Javi, I'm mentioning it in passing.
When I have to talk about Javi, I will talk.
in conditions that I already did yesterday
another direct stop of chaura and
nonsense don't be stupid if he made me
yesterday a live broadcast of what Loli said
Antonio or this morning I don't know when it has
been of this Well I will have to talk
from the love that I am still free
free from shame free from shame
free uncle of
shame free but of shame
Hey, I've lied to you in
tell you that I liked your
direct
Yes, I lied, what does my friend say? Not to me.
where do they have to if it's my mother I'll cut it off
internet you imagine your mother or your
Grandma doing the House This lady in
Internet
Uncle, what a shame
Uncle, I don't like your
I don't like direct and I have lied to you
because I say that the creature passes it on
Well, and she does her own thing, so I tell her.
Very well Loli, I was wondering how you are.
very good Loli is very good
daughter but
No no no you do it very well Loli I am I am
I recognize a Freaky Tubers, that is.
He says I lied to Loli because I
said that I liked their live shows But
Well, they've put them in yours
followers also because yours
followers recommended the live shows
from Loli And you said Oh yesterday Loli did a
direct and they were superb it was superb
I'm going to put on Loli's live show.
video that I made to the
Loli is bad, she is bad but your direct
There are people who are clumsy hypocrites
you know fake But this This is bad or
be me There are certain youtubers that
we have commented on some stories
and in some game overs of those who are
In the gameovers almost all, not all, eh
Not all of them, there are some who simply
Well, they are I don't know what but this is one of the
There are several bad bad people
youtubers and they also agree on several
points if you realize and
tricks this is bad bad
person is bad bad bad bad
person you have lied to Loli in everything
have spent hours and hours with her for
phone telling you I love you Loli you
I want to be your friend so that I can let you go
Let's see what the Trojan said today.
He said, "Well, I've already said that, the lie."
from Pepa Loli when it has been almost expected
10 minutes before finishing your
straight
and you are ashamed of the last click that
you have as he asks for WhatsApp to his
friend who doesn't have money to buy water
sending a photo of Suem and the car
As
uncle the conversation then I think that
I can count wherever I can
count Yes yes Leave you, Javi stays
in a cigarette butt among other things because
Javi doesn't pick up and tell, I told Loli.
at one point and it was recently
a matter of one month two months the problem
that I said I had but looking for more
legal advice what else because Loli
has his group of lawyers pick up the
phone check it and tell me the
result in a moment or that I can
to do or what step should I follow, I told him to
Loli if Dino costs the consultation you tell me
You say that I will pay you whatever it is
Hey, LoL can say that.
confirm or deny it today
Tomorrow or whenever you want because it's a
conversation that I had with her and for
private or in the group I sent it I think
It was privately, I sent him the papers
so that she could see them and send them to him
to your lawyers because without paper a
lawyer cannot give an opinion among others
things I did not send the papers or with
deletion or by removing data or
nothing that goes to Loli that I trust
fully in her and her so that she
send it to your lawyer or your law firm
of a lawyer and I and I got it
queries but here Suso said it
Mrs. Beltrán, that was what I said.
another day that every week had
problems this week had a problem
fat and commanded Well the document to the
group with deletions without much
readability possible without knowing very well
What the problem was, one of them told us.
story this week next week
he would come back with that topic or he would come back with another one and
It got to the point where one day he told us
I am in an administration of the
government not even for a bottle of water
He sent the photo along with that person so
loved by everyone
Hey, I don't know how to tell you this.
case that my case broke
soul I have no access to I carry nothing
on top of that I don't have access to eh I can't even
buy a little bottle of water and I'm not going to
count the answer of
the other person's because I don't
It is up to me to say what has already been answered
that message
But it was quite violent. It was
quite violent and there I realized
that Mrs. Beltrán was going for
all without forgetting the amount of
breakdowns that a car can have
the engine doesn't work for me now, finally
the car is sold or scrapped
but after many months it turns around
of problems problems problems
problems problems and all related
with money with online banking because
It's that we go, it looked like the bank
online cries that something
That will fall into the group I shared.
With them I have witnessed that and
I have the group there to prove it.
when I do
missing when to prove it when
whatever she can do in private
having spoken to Loli I don't know what
I have sent it to Loli I don't know nor have I
asked or anything but yes I can
talk about what I have seen and that has
been week after week after week
while her friend was solving
a series of problems that everyone
You know that we have had a summer
Horrible Horrible problems eh the
that could fall on us personally every
one and a big concern for one
person I love very much
but I love her very much because of how
It's as a person, not because of the money he gives me.
because the money you give me helps me
help me if you give away 50 memberships or
Give 10 or give five, it helps me a bit.
a lot because it is a little AC peak goes for
the channel and that money goes back to me
house and in that month we live
It is better understood I am not going to be
hypocrite who says to me is that the
Olza's money is no good to me, I don't do it
I want No, everything is fine with me
Give me because I'm not a millionaire
but I also understand that people who
I see that she is not a millionaire and I understand that
people who see me mostly for my rank
of age you have pensions and the pension
today it is not so much, so who
can help the Channel and help
Whoever cannot help does not help and does not pass
nothing because you are there to me what I
What matters is that you are there watching me
They are views and YouTube pays well
the one that must be very clear
green that you
asked mother
My deb who will have asked him for the O.E.
you fate what we know trust you what
We know, who knows what will happen to him?
taken out what he will have asked for
conversations who knows why
private the things that he will have done and
said so that the other to take it out
paste photograph of the mother asking him
water What character uncle What
character is his condition is his
condition has said Loli I lied to you when
I told you that I liked your live shows
Killa, I don't like it, you don't do it well, peepa
Beltrán and now I'm going to say a
word
So Loli doesn't do it well and you
Yes, no, Peppa, people see you for
to see you not to leave, to leave
moving aside Maica that you come
don't lose Eat [ __ ] Peppa Beltran
that you are useless you are so useless
who doesn't even know how to turn on a computer so
useless who doesn't know how to light a
computer you have no [ __ ] idea
making a stringer has no [ __ ] idea
He hasn't been doing anything since January.
connecting live almost every day and
You have learned nothing, zero useless.
Why in your life you have to do it
And if your son Angel isn't there, well, you
You connect with the mobile phone that is most comfortable for you
How to locate the point for
connect live But you're useless
false liar and all the adjectives
negatives that can be put on you
He's the worst person on YouTube, huh?
done has done
Good has done Good to more than one than me
I know, eh, I mean, I think it's the worst
person
Uncle said that your money disgusted him.
disgusting money that doesn't suit me, no, I don't suit me
He has never told me that it is disgusting
and all that, how are you going to tell me that?
and now that I have your phone number it is
It is true that in the
groupab without
cry or ask without asking is true
that very very very things happen to him
very frequent frequent that you need
of certain amounts of money
eh let's say more or less important
depending on whose pocket and not
you lied she said at one point
not even for water and I told him, well, thank goodness
that your children are
Yeah, yeah, I'll send the photo, Loli said to him.
Well, thank goodness your children are here to help you.
give more pity not even for water and I told him
Well, thank goodness your children are here and now
There's today's thing, eh, me on my live show, no no
I have insulted her, eh. I have not dissed her nor
I have insulted her, yes, so far
until today tomorrow and with my topics and that
She took me down the other day yesterday yesterday already
with malice Well the other day I still
I had not entered Antonio's nor
nothing that what she has done has been to give me
the reason Give me the reason that she already
behind him he carried his
mother ballast of love
beautiful I skipped here
I have skipped some here
cli This is it
[Music]
I'll call right now, I'll call you right now
second term of watching Te
I call has said another phrase also larado
afternoons and afternoons Thanks to Loli and her
delighted to have good that Loli
I was hoarding it late and late Thanks to
her because Loli didn't release you membership
I didn't let you go super chat, right?
Queen, you're going to throw that in her face.
your friend Loli that you were the first one who
He opened the doors and the telephones for her
for it to be there, that's what you say
It's not the same thing that was said to me.
that we do not have the money that
Javier Oliveira has given him because Javier
oliveira gave him 2000 3000 all the
months
2000 3000 eur has not been here to see
may There may be
months there may be, let's see. Maybe
there is some month that has come to give
2000 because there were direct ones like this that
we did with Marina in which she did
that gave a lot we are not going to say no and
There were direct ones that maybe suddenly
I gave 500 euros, 600 euros and things like that.
but they were intermittent, punctual months
It wasn't like for 2 years it has been giving
3000 here a month and that we have
lost 2000 or so eh there has been some
month that could have given 1000 2000 in total
if I added everything up some month Okay but no
It was like something usual, okay, but it's that
anyway it doesn't matter or here
Obviously no one is going to be fired
that I donate unless we already do it
We started cutting Loli's feed.
when he started to mess things up and pretended that
we couldn't speak ill of Antonio
David or Marta's evil riesco when
It was Antonio David's we did not
we have sold we accepted the
donations when Claro gave them
evidently but as if any of
You give them, I'm not going to tell you
that you do not give, I want you to give, you know
but one thing is that and another thing is Eh
Now that he's messing things up, let's go now.
Right here Loli comes up with a super idea
chat and I'll get back to you in half an hour.
I return it and block it, I don't know what
day I tell him I don't know Javi that they weren't
So many months in memory that no, no, no, no
maybe it will have been a specific month A
the best has reached 2000 at best
another 500 allowance but LoL has been here
4 months 5 months I don't know how much How many
superchat as you were saying I already had it last night and
another night he also said it to him
you had all the Super counted
chat all the money that people gave him
that he did account for it if he had
said even He claims again that there is
your audios from October of the year
from a year ago is what I was saying that you
was going to open a channel to trick a
little bit to Loli Huertas and keep you
Cost of what he got from Loli Huertas
What did you think Loli Huerta was?
the visa, the platinum visa, yours, not personal
that I was going to cry a little and there it goes
keep the tap open one or two times no more
there were men as much as one or two no but
maybe four months it has been there
Loli not three four months at the
Lolio hasn't been here for half a year.
It was a time that hit him hard
Marina, I repeat again, I have not
met a person in my life with more
economic problems that this lady Ni
No more car breakdowns or problems with
public administrations is that it was a
problem after problem, I couldn't get out of it
and he would get into two until the one arrived
period and says look that a person does not
can have such bad luck or such bad luck
head that I didn't have as a visa
I had it like money
free
But
where we are from
new the day you had to go to a
a public administration has already called you
I'm finishing this cli, I'll call you, come in now
in a second that he misses me
okay and you sent a message to the group no
I don't have a single euro to buy one
little bottle of water and I'm here with my
mother and has and I don't have to
buy him a beautiful water and my
brother is in the car waiting with
all the heat because it was in the middle of the
summer began to say in the group
Look at me, I don't even have enough for a bottle of
water for my mother who has an uncle I don't know
can be worse
person taking money from him and taking it from him
the money What do you do with the money that
What do you do with the money you take, uncle?
Because it takes a lot of money that is seen
publicly, that is, if it is that
publicly seen
donations or it was still hot in
September I think has been a lot
heat that day we don't have a penny or even for
a little bottle of water and I'm here and no
I know what
to do and for those who do not believe me as the
face of The two are public
He sent us this
that photo
photo and puts the mother next to the uncle in the
photo
says to the troll the face of The two are
public man is that I think and this
I have said many times that there is no
to put anyone from your family in your
direct
at least not to ask or for anything
This is starting to ask
uncle would join the group to ask
Uncle was the one the lady sent us
Bertran with a sad face for his mother and
she without a penny to buy one
little bottle of water in the vending machine
I'm not going to say public administration
what problem was it because it is not my concern
But if I can show you the photo for
that you see that it is true, it has no limits
Hey, you know the answer of the fool
boat that I didn't know and today today Irene León
Giving Irene León money today
Take your prize so that it remains that way
handle usually that their live shows are
horrible how strong because I told him
Loli
How bad is Bingo you have it
said ch can be that it is bad
Bingo or the Raffle, I don't care.
Hey, do you know what he said? Well, nothing.
plus you have two children in Algeciras
that can approach you in a moment and
take something what do you think that you
Did you think of Peppa as Lolis?
silly you know what a person is who
every week He doesn't ask, he doesn't cry there
Loli is already realizing it
Thank goodness you have your children there.
so you can ask for something good to cry Yes
I cried every week and sent a message to
group I received this I have this
big problem but all money 1000 bucks
2000 3000 Every week there were
problems for the other to give it to him
I have lived it, I tell it because I have
I lived and although Loli has said that
He has never asked her for money now that Loli
count totally uncle let's call
Damn, the interview is going to be no more.
Today I'm going to the youth center. Yes or yes.
Hey what?
strong kid what
strong
Hello, can you hear me? We can hear you. What?
come in No no no you told me yesterday that no that
I won't call you today but I can't live
without you already know it, say it like that
You are openly putting me all day
little messages like this and photos of what he is like
little message that you sent me today is annoying
all day posting messages like this
so romantic as if I didn't get them
the crooks say it
clearly what an [ __ ] what a liar
Man, listen to me, thank goodness you're here.
in public so that people can see me
give the reason because if we don't go if I don't
You leave me for a liar Tell me what you want
say no and I'll leave you and I'll leave you for
Liar. Okay, I mean, I have several.
points
Hey, the first one. You can't be more cynical.
In this life you really can't be
more cynical What a bad aunt What a bad thing
I saw the photo now of Javi's mother.
bad and cynical, that is, listening from the mouth
of that type because I can't
call madam, that is, from the mouth of that one
girl, you can't. I mean, you can't.
You don't have to obsess over money
obsessing over money is doing it for me
saying a girl who points the
donations made by another person in
other channels and even takes screenshots and
They are sent to that checkpoint, okay?
And that same woman has the cynicism of
say no to obsessing over it
money you can have the toughest face Aunt
you can have the toughest face
total second point that comes up
from the very clips you were showing
now and it was just what I was saying
ard of Troy now
[Music]
eh Loli when he said today in the in the
straight
eh Javi in ​​certain in certain things had
that is, good at one thing in particular
the reason in the rest of things is not
because it is not because it is cut first
language that I agree with you on, but that
apart from that, she is being sued. Imagine that already
before before not even the hearing
previous one starts saying that I have the
reason I well if it is that in part in
part has been given to you at the time in which
who has said that the attacks were for
Peppa doesn't stop you, there you have it.
completely the reason why then
You have no justification whatsoever for
everything you have done subsequently
But well, or rather, I mean without meaning to say
doing so has proven you right and has
left voting But well herself
and has said or when he has said that in
part in certain things was right and that
the attack was on Peppa not her but that
you lied you lied at the point of
that you are at the point that Peppa
I had never asked him for money like that
you have done let's see Loli ask
Money is not telling you Loli Dame
500 there are many ways to ask for money
without asking for it and the one we just saw by
example
come on but but Peppa takes it
doing from the beginning from the
beginning and it sounds very ugly and what happened
The first ones who said it got the
God and others hosting after
We've been hit by a God but Peppa is worth it
And as much as it is going to rage and I know that
Peppa is going to answer me this.
exposed to your
mother to give pity and to give you
donations and you know it and you know it
aunt and anyone with two fingers
forehead and eyes on the face have you seen it?
exposed to your
Mother, why does she sell? Because grief sells.
because she is a lady who provokes a lot
tenderness and it is true because she is a lady
older than she looks very innocent and to me
That lady makes me feel so much tenderness.
and Peppa has overexposed her image
mother to get views and
donations and with Loli has taken advantage
the theme of his mother to infinity
to infinity both in public and
Fate has privately sent you the photo
Do you remember yesterday when we were
watching the live stream where he makes the donation
What did I say, look at the picture? I mean
she puts herself she put herself now no longer
He does it now, I know her image.
It's her alone in the middle of the screen yes
will the laptop be placed down here or
that it be and so you know but at the beginning
The live shows were at two o'clock, sitting on the couch
as if the two of them were the presenters
you know it's like why do you put one
person from your family there that With everything
respect eh But don't do that
because there are very bad people on the internet.
that you are exposing it one thing is that
you expose yourself if you are doing a
white childish content or whatever
Well look, it still has a pass but
to make gossip content that you
content is based on putting truth to the
people and fight with people don't put
There are your relatives because you expose them
you know you expose them but it is that if it is
I said in the live I did in May that
I said it or
the bad thing about all this is that you
you are entering into a profile of
public and in a profile of topics that
you are trying to be controversial and in
the moment you get into a
profile of controversial people who are going to you
continue because that's how people are
is going to hear it is how it is And you are exposing
to a completely innocent lady
comments that he even read to them
the comments uncle because the lady if
They make a bad comment about her
Lady doesn't understand, she read it to her. What
you need to show your
Mother, those comments that can
to hurt It's that the photo is that my
Mother wants to be here with me, my mother
wants to be here with me and kick her out
late with you eh your mother doesn't know
the [ __ ] you're moving in is not
You have no idea, aunt, you don't know, you don't have any idea.
no idea but what else to remember the photo
that has taught from Troy to the scene of
the one we saw yesterday no I mean the
image of the two together as of Pero
Trust your aunt to be which character to send
a photo, that is, you imagine that you
imagine in a group
that I start saying I'm here that
I have to pay this, I don't even have enough
give my son water and I'll send you a photo
mine with the child and I can't give him water
You imagine yourself exactly as you are when you are
taking out money in
YouTube but it is exactly the same
Same Javi but this is not it
new, that is, I want to tell you here what
We have confirmation that in
I continued doing it privately but at the time
after you had the debate
that
Hey Loli said I'm going to take the test.
go away for a few days and I don't know what and Peppa
Peppa telling him or rather putting him to the
mother and the mother telling her Oh Loli that
You hate it less that you don't leave than I do.
It was embarrassing, God level, of course.
showed close-ups of the mother
asking Loli to come back
I had so much affection that I didn't know
What character is he if he was able to
of doing that in public that there will be no
made in private That is to say, Lolly is
had gone on a trip and for him to come back
He was already telling his mother that he
I asked no no no that no no that was not that
That was because of the controversy that
There was at that moment Loli said that she
I withdrew from social media and YouTube for a few days
and
others and made the mother ask Que
came back
uncle mother is that very strong very strong and
the photo that you just showed Let's say
It is the confirmation But I do not
I had doubts Loli when we told you
100 times the money you were giving me
taking it out wasn't because I already called you and you
Loli d Mi said
500 but from day 1 from day one
in which he sought your friendship he has told you
the penalty of Murcia giving you or that is and
victimizing themselves so that you you
voluntarily Out of pity out of pity
wanting to help him, he offered him money, aunt
That's what we've been telling you all along.
This time and you have given us the [ __ ]
reason but look how the no don't tell me
Javi lies when he says that
Peppa has asked me for money because I don't
has never asked and I have not asked him
money is that there are many ways to
ask there are many ways to ask and
cry that you have problems
economic day in and day out at a
person who you know has money that
That's also asking for something, eh?
cashier Or she would say
eh I'm going to go and ask him
money let's see I need or whatever it is
I don't know, maybe I had to buy
tobacco come on Well I take it and say Oh look no
I don't even have enough for a bottle of water, I don't know.
What do you do to make the other one do something to you?
bisus not at that moment it would be No because I
I imagine I imagine it's going to be the other one
Of course it's so I can give him a V, Tomás, eh?
I don't know if you can take this out at the ATM.
What do I know, man, it's tremendous
cashier a free cashier and then and then
the last thing is that this is another thing
we were right
Whatever the principle is valid in the chat
What I put in Pepa's chat was
a fantasy but but there is a
double point or the chat to prepare a
fantasy everyone saying
Hey, we saw this coming, huh?
We knew this person was well.
what she said I don't know if I believe her
has called her
eh be that he was arrogant that he wanted
to draw attention to all this already
we knew as it was but those are
same people until the day before yesterday or
until yesterday Yesterday afternoon Yesterday
in the afternoon they are not It is that he
They applauded because they called us to
we of everything to say it
Same Okay and and and here comes the kit of the
question
eh Why did it start
everything or that people remember
Why it all started It all started with a few
super chat that they sent each other and why
people in the chat criticized that super chat
people did not like the attitude of
Loli and people criticized her in the chat Yes
It all started with that. Well, no way.
Peppa goes today and says, "Well, Loli, it's that
You were asking me to ban
people silence people and
said that they cannot give their opinion or criticize and
the only thing people were doing in
the chat was to give opinions about things about you that
they weren't liking what they were
seeing and they are in all their right in
seriously seriously cynical as hell
Seriously, 8 months later you'll have the
Papo of saying that when you have put
a lot of people against us for
Exactly the same no no to Loli to the
Loli herself, of course, is supposed to be the
problem with Loli was that Loli left
telesalseo
because we were putting her green in the chat
They put green in this chat Claro claro
but because for her for her because
for her putting green was that people
you don't dance to his tune and people
Loli said we don't like your
attitude that for her for her was
put it green eh And for months like that
so the so the one here Clear clear clear
This is how Javi put her against him. This is how he put her against him.
against and not only her
not only to her but to her and to everyone
those who have been dancing this very same
I'm playing now. Look, yesterday we talked about something in
private that he was completely right
a friend of ours who said let's go see the
What Peppa did was
eh How did she start her channel eh her
He would [ __ ] and appear on telesalseo and talk
that a channel had been created and such
You're promoting Peppa, no no.
starts his channel from Zero and looks for his
community and such no no no climb no
Come here, promote yourself and be careful
on Twitter every afternoon when I went to
starting straight away, it overwhelmed us all.
most significant people or when
I say significant I mean people
perhaps with the most visible face as
the moderators may be the eh
followers who have more people or followers
They have it on Twitter, okay, at all
those so that they would give RT and have
many people from telesalseo on their channel
This is how the channel started and now
In the afternoon it was broadcast live
ask my followers bizun and super
chat that clear I don't I haven't given it
importance because I have my visits
I have my members, I have my things
Whether you like it or not, we are a channel
big and I haven't fallen for that because such
but you realize one thing
that it is just as I am going to tell you
say yes imagine José Luis Corbacho
He has 10 today that he is going to spend on supermarkets.
chat if [ __ ] berlanga is going to spend
five and Mimi is going to spend 20 Well yes
They pass through the climbing channel and the
climbs, asks for super chat and Mimi takes him
gives five and takes José Luis Corbacho and
gives 10 because when it arrives at night
to telesalseo they give less you know Or she
has indirectly taken money from us
Of course, what she did was
I used to put it before in the afternoon and I was asking him
money to my followers do not give me for some
Dame headphones for a Dame fan
I don't know how clearly you are carrying yourself
super chat of three gossip and you are not
except for us, it is clear that
One thing I haven't taken into account
First of all, because I don't know when
I have people around me, I don't care
In a certain sense, I don't care about that because
the little ones need more help
but
Of course, I don't care about this aunt because
This aunt has come like a tick
has hooked has taken out everything that has
been able to do it the good way and then the bad way
He has also taken out you understand me let's go from
fact lives because it has been a year
talking about Javi
oliveira, live and see Javi, that is
it doesn't matter relatively because in the end or
The first thing we must not forget is that
as much as for those of us who are
seeing it for us is a
entertainment for you who live
This is your business, so I am.
It makes me very clear
I doubt a lot, I doubt a lot myself
I mean, but damn, what are you doing here?
any business, that is, I doubt it very much
that the owner of a bakery
It seems great that the bakery
next door go with a sign and stand
the door of your business, that is, I think
which is very logical that it takes before
Let my bakery open and come to me
bakery and hold hands with the
clients take it to theirs and say
Hey look here, take this bread.
sandwich then you buy the boyo you know and
you're removing, of course you're removing, it's gone
picking from here taking us away from here
Of course I think it's something that is something
super logical Until now that doesn't work
They matter because I say, well look, we are a
big channel well come on look H if the
I have to call for a Ju to come
that I need or whatever again
brought the one from Big Sister Well well no
you realize you know that I'm an idiot
because there is no other explanation I am
stupid okay But what I think
I get annoyed what annoys me is eh that
play with more vulnerable people
you understand Because one thing is that you
you open the channel and you want that you have not
made known here well, look, I
I know, okay, this works like this, I, I
I became known because I spoke about the
gossip from another in his day and well
It works like this, I understand it, I can get there.
to understand but of course what I already know
He made me like that, so he took it and noticed it
from around here who donated and it went to him
opening privately as he did with Loli
among others not I mean at what point I
I enter the Antonio David Channel and I
I'll see who donates and look for their name.
on Instagram to contact privately
and make an appointment to take her and and
then once I take her once
I'll take her and speak badly of the other one.
to take it off man is that who does not
see there red flags turn off let's go or
I am a person who donates
a lot and suddenly he starts writing to me
a person in
private and I start to adore her
pill well man call me
evil-minded of course But there are people who don't
and suddenly wants to do my most
best friend and we are like sisters we are
like a brother or sister, a person is a brother for her
Loli no because in fact the Loli has
eaten everything she told him to
He told her that here in the chat they put her
green that we did not stop
talk about her How good I am
hoping that it will be the trial for her
tell me when we messed with her
I'm not going to look for him because I do so much
direct that I don't see it Search but I am
looking forward to the judgment and saying
Look, look, they have insulted me, it is 10% of
what I have told them because it is
clo has already relied on what the other
He said that in the debate I don't remember what
what clip it was but in the debate it is already known
showed that there were clicks that Peppa
He sent them manipulated so that
It seems that we were messing with
her but in reality we weren't
messing with her and she knew, and she believed
in Peppa because he thought it was his
friend and she believed that we
we were messing with
She looks at what she's putting in your
super chat solans it all started when
Trep started calling everyone
punk youtubers who wanted Loli
just for the money and that's why
wine sun because according to them to lol
I was trying really hard in the chat because of
having given my opinion when Loli was told
He said that certain attitudes... Well, no.
were that you can give your opinion
Exactly the same as everyone else But
Obviously you can't impose your
opinion at the stroke of Super chat that's it
that LoL was told that the thing about that thing about
It was pesetero before I told him
nothing, that is, I hadn't, the only thing
What I did was not call her anymore.
I blocked her, I didn't even unfollow her
so as not to attract attention because that
Look, do you remember when I told you?
before Olga Moreno and Agustín when
have made those movements of leaving
continue to block and delete the
The photo is for them to talk about themselves, that's it.
by the way Look at me for example in the
Peppa's case and on other occasions
many times maybe I don't talk to you
someone and I don't even stop following him/her
Twitter nor Instagram nor any other
part because I know that any
follower then realizes that I am in that
moment the only thing I did was when I saw
the perc of filth and smuggling
what did I do? I didn't call her again.
I answered the WhatsApp you know the leave
but I didn't stop following her or anything and she
Pin Pin and pin in his live and Pin and Pin
and Pin and that thing about being a pesetero was already there
when I left Because there he touched me
balls and I remember that I entered his
straight as an elephant in a
junkyard telling people to go to the
from here this aunt is this and that is it
another time has damaged my reason
when he said the thing about being a pesetero that
By the way, he told it to everyone, not to me.
He just said it to everyone who
we were at that moment Vale when
he said the thing about being pesetero
He also used a clip that I don't know if
It is the same as that said Antonio avid de
May or another because Antonio Avid said so
two or three times I say Ah no no no
Antonio Antonio avid said it Antonia said it
He once said, "They were there for a while."
with that run run Okay and the day that
Antonio David said coincidence Hey, what
He probably said it because he is very
observer not because no one was with him
the rumor said it because I told him so
people who said it I know I know it was irony
and when Anid said it the following day
They said look what he's saying
Antonio David as
telling you what I was telling you
saying it is saying it because it is said
You said what the [ __ ]? No no
But he also always uses the same thing.
A boss uses others to say the things
things for her of course he did it there too
with Antonio David we go he got involved because
he felt like it and to play along with it
Loli You know why you come to me T that
say something about another youtuber and I'll
I have to see for myself
Say it. Maybe if I see it I'll tell you.
Hey, well look, yes, I think this, you know, but
Antonio David in that live show let the
Loli said that the other was a
flight abuser is an abuser
He is an abuser in court and
Antonio Avid even played along
Well yes Now in the
game in honor in honor of the truth in
honor the truth in that live or that is
In the live broadcast Antonio Avid did not call him
abuser Yes he said yes he said that that
They had talked about her and that they had
misbehaved and so on and the other told him
Well then, demand but in honor of the
truth in that live or with
Antonio, I don't call him an abuser in front of you.
that was the no no no
I don't remember that there were insults that later
the one on the flight gave Antonio the c
David of insults not of insults
No, but yes, I mean, he did speak badly of
They but the abuser did not say that he would have
It's been the best Javi that H or so we're going to
see wait you remember that how it is
the live call No way No way
I have no idea, but I'm telling you for sure.
because they put that clip on the cake
several times or rather, not an abuser but
Yes, he spoke badly of them and said that bu
that they were crushing her and that and that
I was going to go for the legal thing but in honor of the
true abuser There is no abuser
He has called them in many other live broadcasts
but not in the Antonia
It was in a live broadcast in May, look here
I have the live one
look look here I have the one he is talking about
on the phone with Loli at the end of the
direct and now I think he lets it pass
no absolute respect and what yes
wait Stop it for a second what is it O
I'm telling you, you're going to see it, you're going to see it.
Now why is this clip
seen several times
Eh, yes, no, no, he doesn't call him an abuser.
here but but when you go up
Here it had already been called in another
direct and if there was I had already done it
I had already made my video and and and a lot
people had already had it ugly
had even stolen Antonio David or so
When she uploaded it here, everything was already there.
the world commenting that it's ballsy
that the flag of the Blue Sea and the
maximum Don de Antonio David was
Calling another person an abuser That
yeah okay wait let me put clip okay
They want it to be my turn to speak.
that I have already heard that I
I'll call and give you a call so you can tell me
about the YouTube or what you said in
somewhere else that it was because I had you
coerced because I had called you and
eaten the jar and all that and that's it
on the flight for example somewhere else then
eh They are already using it, call me
boyfriend after months of calling all kinds of people
as if I keep you as if I
I spend, eh? As if I spend something. I already know.
has escaped me But you do not pay attention to
That's like spending something I no longer need.
I can keep supporting you and all that.
then one arrives and collects everything and
so once compiled it is ready
where it's going to go where you already know where
He is going to leave and go to the courts
courts are judged because it turns out
that once one says something it seems that
is that he has done something Ugh and it turns out that
They have been there for months and months and hours and
hours and hours and hours laughing at me
my family's illness calling you
of everything at the cost of what I don't know
verbalize that I don't know how to talk about
that of of of everything of everything of everything of
It's all about what they've said and then
attacking those people than attacking everything
the world and it is not worth it It is not worth attacking everything
the world Then with them eh No more
There is more for the first time yes he says it
Loli Huerta we see the games and that's it
and to the one who said that I questioned you
You, well, I would love for you to explain.
when did I call you to quarter
that you did nothing Very well then nothing
Those are your words, right Lori, no.
but don't explain to me when I told you
to you zero of what you have to do
or what not, what yes or or against
that I had I gone eh you have never me
said Against whom or against not who or
what I have not what I have to
to do without saying our relationship is
completely apart from YouTube and and
Our affection goes above what
For others it was the business they had
with you every time they received eh super
chat on your part and from there everything came
the affection once it has been given to them
They have lost their affection and have begun
to make a complaint against you
to put you Every week on Twitter and
under a magnifying glass and continuous criticism and
constant and I think that is complicated
be able to carry it out because it is difficult
be prepared to have one
criticism as well as the one you have had
Well I'm going if it's true he doesn't say no
says he doesn't call them mistreated I had in
mind that had called them mistreated
in this live but there weren't any
called before but then uploaded it but to
see if Antonio ever explains this
who said no to let's see who it is
see who are the youtubers that the
They only wanted it for the Super chat and
what for another was a business that
for him it is love of true friendship
the good one Okay then let's see if one day
Antonio David explains to us that youtubers
They are the ones who wanted it for the money
Okay, wait, I think it also says that
Las Palmas, wait, I thank you.
infinitely and your support and your friendship eh
I have never asked you for anything, you know that well.
What I have received from you has been everything
love and affection, I'll keep that anyway
for others and others It is difficult to reach
to understand that relationship and I know your
family I know your husband I have spoken
I have a huge affection for him and you.
enormous respect and in the same way
I understand that being subjected to so much
pressure from YouTubers and social networks
Well, one will have to explode one day
because we are humans with this that
I mean if you have the topic
more than tied up because you take it to the
played when you have to take it and
Here the story ends I send you a
a million kisses you know I love you
wait a lot wait wait that I
I want to tell you something too. Oh, okay.
Come here publicly, tell me what you know
that you have a lot that you know that you will never
I'm going to tell you
there was and if I don't go there what?
then you've said it twice because
there was another live one there is another one there is another time
that the other direct because there is a
direct in which Anton AB literally
I'm sure the Indian will look for it for me or someone
These people look for it for me and they have it for me.
Soon there was another live show where Antonio
There was also something to do with Las Palmas
I said yes yes there are other channels that when
you gave them they did this to you and when you did it
stopped giving they mess with you But
Well, now it's safe to say that Anton has a
day will explain it and say what are the
YouTubers who wanted her just for
business and they didn't want her like he is
love and friendship of the pure and of the and of
the real one that goes beyond YouTube
Equally equal is a friendship equally equal
true that Peppa's is
No, it's not real and beyond YouTube
the others the others the others touched him
Las Palmas and the others saw her as a
business you know Yeah then of course in the end
Hey, that's the mantra that I know pisses you off.
much this word the mantra that Peppa
He put it in Loli's head and then
were repeating together for a
Antony David spends a lot of time with this
clip and with another because it is true
that there is another clip that says something similar
but Lolio is no longer on call but
There is another landlord in Las Palmas, there is another one
landlord from Las Palmas who has it yes yes yes
yes yes but I want to tell you or rather he said it
in a couple of different live shows
Of course, obviously those clips have been
used to say see how we had
reason Of course of course if they have
been right at no time we are going to
see this Antonio David clear why
Antonio David says because he is saying
that he is watching how they are crushing
Loli just said it just said it
that he is watching as youtubers and in
Twitter crushes olih Huerta because
has left donations where he has seen
That Antonio avid I would love to know
because I haven't seen it. I mean, I
I would love to know Where where it is
seen it has been sent to someone
has told someone has trusted the
someone's word or is saying it
Simply because these people have
said is that I don't know you know then
man, what I know, let's see if a
I will explain it at the time
when I had to apologize for having
together with Juanjo I apologized and
I have recognized him and it seems that I
they have to put them in shackles
even for having done that you know
So here Well simply that to
see not who he refers to when he says
There are other youtubers who have only
falsely wanted by the business and you
They played the parmas. So it is with the
Parmas does it live on T-V and T-V and
Since you don't give the money, now it's over
They beat you up and you can't handle it
pressure and I don't know what they don't have the affection
true like me that goes beyond
YouTube Well, let's see if I'm clear, I don't know.
I honestly don't see what he has to say.
send love messages now that you don't
does
donations are not spoken about now, now they are not spoken about
They talk to each other, they don't talk to each other, they fight
They fought because Loli started to
tell him that he gave him the FJ and there they have
fought and there it has happened, let's go it has happened
noticed it has said it has seen it all
world has openly
noticed Well, in the end time
puts things in their place But oh well
as you very well said at the beginning
from the live
and thanks to those who have been there, it's worth it
I join in. Thank you because I for the
I have also received my share
a lot
support thanks to those who have been there
Thanks to those who know that we were not lying
and even though there have been people who have
received many hosts, many hosts
They have been there to defend us
and the rest Elo doesn't know anything until
then no no I mean I have too many people
in life The further away
better Well I'll leave you for the
little guy running aunt a kiss for
all yesterday yesterday you messed me up for 6 hours Yesterday
You messed me up for 6 hours. I'm sorry, sorry.
Sorry, I messed you up for 6 hours. Yesterday you messed me up.
6 hours I didn't even notice
look no no no no just don't lie to me for 6 hours
but when the 6 hours were over
You had me there for almost two more hours.
from a box outside of c, that is, I take everything
the day remembering all your image no
I tell you AC I have lifted you up
Got up at 6 in the afternoon, Chil already
Well, I went to bed at 7 in the morning and
At 10 I had to get up because
my niece was coming
Oh, I mean, I've slept for THREE hours, man. I mean.
that I hate you with all my soul right now
get out of here kid eh No no no I'm not going to sleep
I'm so sorry, come here for a kiss, darling.
Goodbye, a kiss please, I'm leaving but you
I say one thing I'm leaving but I'll tell you one thing
thing apart from that I'm going to the
puny apart from the fact that I'm going to the
I'm leaving you, kid.
in
premiere
immediately the lollipop is worth it I'm leaving
for the puny I go for the puny
The kids are going to hate me, okay?
I'm going to the little one But now
It has just been released here
in telesalseo
right now it has just been put here in
I can't make my debut on telesalseo. I can't
sale I don't
Why does it come out to you?
you appear the
premiere Javi updates members is more
or less for that number 1800 and something
the premiere appears
You the lollipop appears to you
premiere doesn't work for me
dude, it doesn't work for me, I've put it in
The premiere will come out. Come on then, go.
For there, everyone is worth it for the premiere.
I'm going to the little one, let's go if you
Do you want to go to the little one later? There
We are worth a kiss family A kiss to you
I love you so much. Thank you, what a night, eh?
What another great night we just had
to throw a come
kiss